
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64418                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114675                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35606670                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      527674                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        939349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    226447668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              972496188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427222490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426564212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    226447668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1277937229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.616116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365826000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.616116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1685400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10803.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2302                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1134.719632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            2233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.970026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           43.046851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.540020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.883703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.046659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.050799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.556746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.717682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    786.183077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    282.694093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.383878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.138034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.554062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3566                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             335                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  335                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          196                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3449961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218979848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88404031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      311521488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24293567                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24293567                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3449961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218979848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112697598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       335815055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3449961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218979848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112697598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      335815055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          335                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              335                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.511507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.882353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.883212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.524954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.524954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70407.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76405.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80923.816704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92183.556830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83428.357793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101223.195833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100386.640496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70407.367347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76405.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80923.816704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93992.992494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84460.526911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70407.367347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76405.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80923.816704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93992.992494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84460.526911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 109                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      109                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3184710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203916715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83149132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    290889305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22964067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22964067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3184710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203916715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106113199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313853372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3184710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203916715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106113199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313853372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323282                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323282                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.523237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 64994.081633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75357.248707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86703.995829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78133.039216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95683.612500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95683.612500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 64994.081633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75357.248707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88501.417014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79195.905122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 64994.081633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75357.248707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88501.417014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79195.905122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1828.276877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.766016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.227677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.248924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1256.915001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    518.119352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          762                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             109                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  109                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          762                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    950                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          801                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2777510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184937816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77535159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265823833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21943111                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21943111                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2777510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184937816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99478270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287766944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2777510                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184937816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99478270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287766944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          109                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              109                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.591837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.747456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.970711                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.970954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.591837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.761006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.591837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.761006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95776.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.621399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96797.951311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95243.222143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94582.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93773.978632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95776.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.621399                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96300.358180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95129.568264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95776.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.621399                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96300.358180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95129.568264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2376610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157621266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66350746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226837904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18642457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18642457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2376610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157621266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84993203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245480361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2376610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157621266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84993203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245480361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.591837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.970711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.591837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.757736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.591837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.718404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81952.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81080.898148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82834.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81596.368345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80355.418103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80355.418103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81952.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81080.898148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82278.028074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81500.783865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81952.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81080.898148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82278.028074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81500.783865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3110                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.638190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.094212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369201300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.025088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.613102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4323                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4326                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4323                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4326                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298508119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298508119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298508119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298508119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298508119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298508119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69051.149433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69003.263754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69051.149433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69003.263754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69051.149433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69003.263754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234292036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234292036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234292036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234292036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234292036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234292036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64739.440729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64739.440729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64739.440729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64739.440729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64739.440729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64739.440729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           85                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.454593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.317647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.201816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          201                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          204                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          201                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          204                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1898856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1898856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1898856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1898856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1898856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1898856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20200.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19575.835052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20200.595745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19575.835052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20200.595745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19575.835052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1606217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1606217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1606217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1606217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1606217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1606217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17087.414894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17087.414894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17087.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17087.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17087.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17087.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2442                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.880374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.081081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.834567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29845944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29845944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29845944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     29845944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29845944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     29845944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.887685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.887685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.887685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12172.081566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12142.369406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12172.081566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12142.369406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12172.081566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12142.369406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22284281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22284281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22284281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22284281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22284281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22284281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9088.205954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9088.205954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9088.205954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9088.205954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9088.205954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9088.205954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   886                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               421.943098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   15644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 17.656885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001440484000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.276158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.666940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28883                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28884                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15421                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15424                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44304                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2496                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191461476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191461476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27369432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27369432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218830908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218830908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218830908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218830908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87305.734610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87226.184966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90328.158416                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89735.842623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87672.639423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87532.363200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87672.639423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87532.363200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          335                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              335                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1081                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92877919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92877919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25329892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25329892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118207811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118207811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118207811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118207811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018564                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82705.181656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82705.181656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86746.205479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86746.205479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83539.089046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83539.089046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83539.089046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83539.089046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  780056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           40740                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        40740                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30030                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16361                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172895                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                192179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              40740                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                56956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        146615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           30                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          331                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3788                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             28                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       396496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.902503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.377223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          340683     85.92%     85.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2714      0.68%     86.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2069      0.52%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2797      0.71%     87.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4541      1.15%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4038      1.02%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5422      1.37%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2146      0.54%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32086      8.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       396496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.246366                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          171149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       153721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            50508                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        344105                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          84936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        327358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents           76                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       361468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       816439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       816349                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       227157                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          134206                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42210                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1095                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            304692                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           272379                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1555                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       144758                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          836                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       396496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.686965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.454702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       296047     74.67%     74.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32882      8.29%     82.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20888      5.27%     88.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17452      4.40%     92.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11908      3.00%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9059      2.28%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5823      1.47%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1996      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          441      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       396496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            643     46.53%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           386     27.93%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          353     25.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2937      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       211367     77.60%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37415     13.74%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20650      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        272379                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.349179                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1382                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005074                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       945069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       403997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       259693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        270810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4337                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15380                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8284                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           32                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          74083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       306358                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42210                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1256                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       264531                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35487                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27466                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19651                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.339118                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                260415                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               259702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           171217                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           271834                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.332927                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629859                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          830                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       378675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.485172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       311439     82.24%     82.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24142      6.38%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12437      3.28%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10466      2.76%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6177      1.63%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3447      0.91%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1819      0.48%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2447      0.65%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6301      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       378675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       109347                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        200808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42590                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                26821                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22512                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           198957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              678524                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             630662                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 383560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               95751                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             109347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               200808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       109347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.133767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.133767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          514863                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         284865                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         114769                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           668                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097755                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97754832315                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099587796501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31522                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57561                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35574994                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4593272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2747.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86616741                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158170431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1970304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5828352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18613504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26673920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5828352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5828352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10602880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10602880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       290836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               416780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         165670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              165670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20155566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              826230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1050792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     59622137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    190410065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              272865488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     59622137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          59622137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        108463999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             108463999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        108463999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20155566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             826230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1050792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       800697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     59622137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    190410065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             381329486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48710                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.870018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.410163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.459855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.275635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.653741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.929376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           247                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              247                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16722                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1526                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32566                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17763                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49288                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     21069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1763247355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1784316355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5462098120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127544000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5589642120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5483167120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1890791355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7373958475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5483167120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1890791355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7373958475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.860688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43441.237113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 108594.405063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106704.721624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175969.655928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83580.602883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171640.426211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173930.757177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106445.496538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149609.610351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173930.757177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106445.496538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149609.610351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52610546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5376                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9786.187872                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1567767555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582720055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5088039936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    108881600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5196921536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5102992436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1676649155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6779641591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5102992436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1676649155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6779641591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.860688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30829.896907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 96555.247583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94648.968724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163918.812371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71350.982962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159581.205429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161871.290595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94389.976637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137551.566122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161871.290595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94389.976637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137551.566122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1692130                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1732.244625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         1969397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1693657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.162807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          335.705994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    53.467017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    18.623964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    708.632933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    615.814717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.163919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.346012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.845823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329831                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253251                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       726521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1343721                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          865536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               865536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51874                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               51874                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                27979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       754500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1371700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329831                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253251                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       754500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1371700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55699                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24018                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       750007                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       621065                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1450789                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       190073                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             190073                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       750007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       811138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1640862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       750007                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       811138                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1640862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1396301818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    643045873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24129270886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29974439555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    56143058132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197267920                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    197267920                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13518537478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13518537478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1396301818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    643045873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24129270886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43492977033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     69661595610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1396301818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    643045873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24129270886                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43492977033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    69661595610                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       385530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1003258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1347586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2794510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       865536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           865536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57507                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           57507                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       218052                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           218052                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       385530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1003258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1565638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3012562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       385530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1003258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1565638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3012562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.144474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.413135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.519157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097953                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.097953                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.871687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.144474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.413135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.544673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.144474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.413135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.544673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25068.705327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26773.497918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32172.060909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48262.966928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38698.293227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35020.046157                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35020.046157                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71122.871097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71122.871097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25068.705327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26773.497918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32172.060909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53619.701004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42454.268311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25068.705327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26773.497918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32172.060909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53619.701004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42454.268311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              435911                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   435911                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       750002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       621063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1450670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       190073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        190073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       750002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       811136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1640743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       750002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       811136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1640743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1092069957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    510310097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19891239575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26541625033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48035244662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331139618                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331139618                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12458382420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12458382420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1092069957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    510310097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19891239575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39000007453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60493627082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1092069957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    510310097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19891239575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39000007453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60493627082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    188049280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    188049280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    302131189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    302131189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    490180469                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    490180469                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.144425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.411535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097953                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097953                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.144425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.411535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.544634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.144425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.411535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.747566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.518087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19613.325377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21329.575632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26521.582042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42735.801413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33112.454702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58785.659151                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58785.659151                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65545.250614                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65545.250614                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19613.325377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21329.575632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26521.582042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48080.725616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36869.654225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19613.325377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21329.575632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26521.582042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48080.725616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36869.654225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        357831                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30940.658168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1503910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        390320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.853018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8281.556979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.140740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.159351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.462318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.276901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   146.194008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    96.255732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9542.621194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12866.990945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.252733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.291218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.944234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54075                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22702                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       658931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       429200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1164908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          435911                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               435911                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2445                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2445                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        75798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                75798                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       658931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       504998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1240706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54075                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22702                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       658931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       504998                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1240706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91071                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               285762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3429                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3429                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114034                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             114034                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       305897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                399796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       305897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               399796                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150596911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    114566654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8518405329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17896855997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26680424891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    155271302                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    155271302                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10786685265                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10786685265                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150596911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    114566654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8518405329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28683541262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37467110156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    150596911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    114566654                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8518405329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28683541262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37467110156                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       750002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       621063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1450670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       435911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           435911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5874                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5874                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       189832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           189832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       750002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       810895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1640502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        55680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       750002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       810895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1640502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.196986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.583759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600710                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.600710                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.377234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.243703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.377234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.243703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93829.851090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93676.740801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93535.871232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93279.350354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93365.895014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45281.802858                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45281.802858                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94591.834584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94591.834584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93829.851090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93676.740801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93535.871232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93768.625590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93715.570331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93829.851090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93676.740801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93535.871232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93768.625590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93715.570331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              133480                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   133480                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3429                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3429                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           399796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          399796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128087341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97396806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7235167097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15196881986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22657533230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253254700                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253254700                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9167007992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9167007992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128087341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97396806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7235167097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24363889978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31824541222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    128087341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97396806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7235167097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24363889978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31824541222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    167242283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    167242283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268906017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268906017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    436148300                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    436148300                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583759                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583759                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.377234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.243703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.051118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.377234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79805.196885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79637.617334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.345906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79206.944466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79288.125188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73856.722076                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73856.722076                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80388.375327                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80388.375327                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79805.196885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79637.617334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.345906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79647.364891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79601.950050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79805.196885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79637.617334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79445.345906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79647.364891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79601.950050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                86877178                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12286                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 84397669                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2479509                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           7795                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4491                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 294                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1003258                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11173387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1003770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.131422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11165542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11165542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11165542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11165542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11165542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11165542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1149955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1149955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1149955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1149955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1149955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1149955                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  36062287944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36062287944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  36062287944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  36062287944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  36062287944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  36062287944                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12315497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12315497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12315497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12315497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12315497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12315497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31359.738376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31359.738376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31359.738376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31359.738376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31359.738376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31359.738376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4288167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34033.071429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       146692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       146692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       146692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       146692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       146692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1003263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1003263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1003263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1003263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1003263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1003263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27530756835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27530756835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27530756835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27530756835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27530756835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27530756835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27441.216147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27441.216147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27441.216147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27441.216147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27441.216147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27441.216147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59727                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.708602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        314815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.269576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002283289300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.708602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       314315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       314315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       314315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62856                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62856                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62856                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62856                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1197812801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1197812801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1197812801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1197812801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1197812801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1197812801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       377171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       377171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       377171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.166651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.166651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.166651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19056.459224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19056.459224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19056.459224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19056.459224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19056.459224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19056.459224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5627                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5627                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    988315736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988315736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    988315736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988315736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    988315736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988315736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15723.490773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15723.490773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15723.490773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15723.490773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15723.490773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15723.490773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       396667                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.894353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1690183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       396683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.260790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.894353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.993397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.993397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1689771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1689771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1689771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1689771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1689771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1689771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       399789                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       399789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6442251519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6442251519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6442251519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6442251519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6442251519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6442251519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2089560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2089560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2089560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2089560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2089560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2089560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16114.129001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16114.129001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16114.129001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16114.129001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16114.129001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16114.129001                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       138094                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       138094                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5147572274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5147572274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5147572274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5147572274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5147572274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5147572274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12875.722629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.722629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12875.722629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.722629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12875.722629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12875.722629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1566212                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.924716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21965050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1566724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.019732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.114600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.810116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14002400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14002400                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7869561                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7869561                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21871961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21871961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21871961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21871961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2296290                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2296290                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       276962                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       276962                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2573252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2573252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2573252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2573252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100016212741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100016212741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15957735129                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15957735129                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115973947870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 115973947870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115973947870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 115973947870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16298690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16298690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8146523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8146523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24445213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24445213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24445213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24445213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43555.566911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43555.566911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57617.056235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57617.056235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45069.020784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45069.020784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45069.020784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45069.020784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       721815                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           721815                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       947099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       947099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       949436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       949436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       949436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       949436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1349191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1349191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       274625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       274625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1623816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1623816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1623816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1623816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42063950882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42063950882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14854743187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14854743187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56918694069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56918694069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56918694069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56918694069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    197699105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    197699105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    314830292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    314830292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    512529397                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    512529397                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31177.165340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31177.165340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54091.008419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54091.008419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35052.428396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35052.428396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35052.428396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35052.428396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               241619363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17454938                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17454938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1865168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13431305                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9511569                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     58687297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80959708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17454938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9511569                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25414642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7703997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2024075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      97277422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        17822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       284455                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1014                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12315593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1135650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          26939                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    189400879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.780754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.197354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       164831853     87.03%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1428643      0.75%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1457142      0.77%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2245340      1.19%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2120442      1.12%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1695170      0.90%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1722354      0.91%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1694767      0.89%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12205168      6.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    189400879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072241                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.335071                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61458503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     98358157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22443585                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1446482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5694152                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     143851700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5694152                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        63679056                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       75666090                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12926288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21496548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9938745                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     139456236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       155983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3049278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5806212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       228698                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    157487097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    363008542                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    361380206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1628336                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113881239                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43605976                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       385620                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       384881                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21308956                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22690144                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10766832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3085713                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1907673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133492954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       468897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        121947793                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       404615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32202695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50378375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       156391                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    189400879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.643861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    136725314     72.19%     72.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20771828     10.97%     83.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13716359      7.24%     90.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7509571      3.96%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5308543      2.80%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2975529      1.57%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1750121      0.92%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       546921      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        96693      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    189400879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         279764     45.16%     45.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6355      1.03%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        222595     35.93%     82.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110817     17.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       839710      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90136751     73.91%     74.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       420631      0.34%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.95% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20679335     16.96%     91.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9871366      8.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     121947793                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.504710                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             619531                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005080                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    433837689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165366268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118066959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1085133                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       868337                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       503193                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     121186909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         540705                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3860132                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5703667                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        33445                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        74687                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2619262                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21384                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5694152                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       54208945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       910031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133961851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1151649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22690144                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10766834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       444050                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        423354                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        28466                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        74687                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       904287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149625                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2053912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119899155                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20167513                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2048638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29856090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13268313                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9688577                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.496232                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             118809554                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118570152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80519966                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        130701048                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.490731                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616062                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34257394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1901571                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    183750622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.584914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    151960984     82.70%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12656550      6.89%     89.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4481545      2.44%     92.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5045058      2.75%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2118660      1.15%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1125246      0.61%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       639307      0.35%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       776886      0.42%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4946386      2.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    183750622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55285434                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99700816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25134058                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16986490                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9519                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11722914                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99173967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4946386                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           312633799                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          273637737                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 968335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               52218484                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            51938603                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55285434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99700816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55285434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.370398                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.370398                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.228812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.228812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       243773243                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      132124204                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           832826                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          434883                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57992464                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360545                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2118976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       376096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320255712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52410350                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375228736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320255712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320255712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36467299                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45372712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        47012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40031964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8263758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48611733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5009827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5150197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       155573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             535974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21676432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3847339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3276111313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          536140759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3838467389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3276111313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3276111313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80323722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          10775744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         373048556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            464148021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80479295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11311717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21676432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3847339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3276111313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         909189315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4302615411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               86877178                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12286                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2479509                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                84397669                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4491                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          7795                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                439                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      293558590                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30266579                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56584944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56146231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380896                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4680741                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56146231                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380896                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145414687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63616781                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13266980                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8264569                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5002411                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             227203948.654308                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66354641.345692                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.226035                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.773965                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
