
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  89941                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   160387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48976712                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536280                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              296064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    270874416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1013806675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467236453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        249178165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    270874416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1262984839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1155                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.630033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615305000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.630033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.539377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.539377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207404856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207404856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208186856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    208186856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208186856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    208186856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180038.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180038.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1015000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10357.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    193532976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193532976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    194082776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194082776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    194082776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194082776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167997.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167997.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           18                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1562                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1440.302621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.792574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.871730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.598347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.916794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.726720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.811446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.453648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.788824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    927.164519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.970594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.226359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.351636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101530948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344701973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32776881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32776881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134307829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       377478854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134307829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      377478854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.447942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.813776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.464517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.464517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100129.140039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93162.695405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103071.952830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102748.843260                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100831.703453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.576512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100831.703453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.576512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95962852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324295037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31009695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31009695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126972547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355304732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126972547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355304732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94637.921105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87932.493764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97514.764151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97514.764151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95324.734985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88693.143285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95324.734985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88693.143285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1789.652954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.521618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.282756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.080120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1197.593699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    525.174896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91306818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305050981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29683575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29683575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120990393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       334734556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120990393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      334734556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.864824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.864824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98710.073514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96474.061037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95445.578778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95139.663462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97888.667476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.218768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97888.667476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.218768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78395770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260906385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25259857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25259857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103655627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286166242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103655627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286166242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.861588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84752.183784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.423810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81221.405145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81221.405145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83863.775890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.109506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83863.775890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.109506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3655                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.768349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.124487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598735344000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.735456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.831579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4896                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4896                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.959019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.913978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598751089300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.824007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.676500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.684939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2470                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.906770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.255870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620560300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.825493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.081277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1393                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.019532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.789663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.866950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.152582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.719048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.720741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17358                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17359                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215321667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215321667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37002295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37002295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252323962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252323962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252323962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252323962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78670.685787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78641.952885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87683.163507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87475.874704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79874.631846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79824.094274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79874.631846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79824.094274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110498011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110498011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145005029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145005029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145005029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145005029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3320575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3320575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10647659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10647659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73812.966600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73812.966600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84163.458537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84163.458537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44014                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32847                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17905                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                209352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          450                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             57                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.859963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.329462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392935     86.59%     86.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2793      0.62%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2417      0.53%     87.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3373      0.74%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4989      1.10%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3735      0.82%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5792      1.28%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2770      0.61%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           34963      7.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050202                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        375106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54721                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        356604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          148                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       392914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       890958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       890816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          148980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1085                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1086                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36097                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        46785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295476                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       163629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          848                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.421748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343709     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36886      8.13%     83.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23508      5.18%     89.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18145      4.00%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12660      2.79%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9755      2.15%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6468      1.43%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2172      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          464      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            709     47.39%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           410     27.41%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     25.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3222      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227985     77.16%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41035     13.89%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23224      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295476                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337020                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1496                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           72                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           16                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             27                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17385                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9449                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1044                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        46785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           575                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       286886                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        38963                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29576                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22203                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327222                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           184936                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           294342                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321334                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628303                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.430231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359291     82.85%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27603      6.37%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13813      3.19%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11651      2.69%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6804      1.57%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3414      0.79%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1959      0.45%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2782      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6350      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117603                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47228                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29400                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23993                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              761546                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             689071                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.455014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.455014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556982                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307502                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               25                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125636                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    43807                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60636247                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5060620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 82694.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2056954291                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3622627102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3344704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3884416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       754240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     57412736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    298569792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           363979136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     57412736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       57412736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    169769472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        169769472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        52261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       897074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4665153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5687174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2652648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2652648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       667035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     11449831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     59543820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               72588415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     11449831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          11449831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         33857152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              33857152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         33857152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       667035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       774670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       150418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     11449831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     59543820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             106445567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    53577                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.279454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    53589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     6.299813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         7.979641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.393738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.498728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.892466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            1042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52480                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52766                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            53808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           53808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     33973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10130120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44103120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9422810440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21587000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9444397440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9456783440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31717120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9488500560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9456783440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31717120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9488500560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.955087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.880416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.880416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41430.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45631.171171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42325.451056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179550.503811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75479.020979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178986.420043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177425.580488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62435.275591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176339.959857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177425.580488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62435.275591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176339.959857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     62294200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6053                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10291.458781                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52666                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52666                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23984200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7375400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31359600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8790400628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18070100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8808470728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8814384828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8839830328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8814384828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8839830328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999621                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.880416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.880416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29249.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33222.522523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30095.585413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167500.011966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63182.167832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166934.592882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165373.073696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50089.566929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164284.684954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165373.073696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50089.566929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164284.684954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          820                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3358720                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          820                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27147798                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3270.068303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        73747360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27151135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.716180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          679.864024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    53.165834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    19.598012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    910.554633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1606.885742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.165982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.222303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.798357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29095260                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2166986                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9940379                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18571559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               59774184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        18911009                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             18911009                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1400900                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1400900                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4382664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4382664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29095260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2166986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9940379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     22954223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                64156848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29095260                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2166986                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9940379                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     22954223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               64156848                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6922883                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13856159                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             22207648                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        20561                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             20561                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4174776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4174776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6922883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18030935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              26382424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356795                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6922883                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18030935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             26382424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  28122308506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8773307527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222630182959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 516055808009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   775581607001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197516597                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    197516597                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256087161130                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 256087161130                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  28122308506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8773307527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222630182959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 772142969139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1031668768131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  28122308506                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8773307527                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222630182959                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 772142969139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1031668768131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30167071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2523781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16863262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32427718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           81981832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     18911009                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         18911009                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1421461                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1421461                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8557440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          8557440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30167071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2523781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16863262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     40985158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            90539272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30167071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2523781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16863262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     40985158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           90539272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.410530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.270885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014465                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.014465                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.487853                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.410530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.291392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.410530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.291392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26238.122678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24589.210967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32158.593892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37243.785093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34924.076922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9606.371140                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9606.371140                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61341.533325                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61341.533325                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26238.122678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24589.210967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32158.593892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42823.235131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39104.396477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26238.122678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24589.210967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32158.593892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42823.235131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39104.396477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             8903538                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  8903538                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6922876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13856118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22207025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20561                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        20561                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4174776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4174776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6922876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18030894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         26381801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6922876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18030894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        26381801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22309653857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6789720493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 183378402285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 438561655269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 651039431904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    848124453                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    848124453                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 232770834436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 232770834436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22309653857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6789720493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 183378402285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 671332489705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 883810266340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22309653857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6789720493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 183378402285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 671332489705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 883810266340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    134698742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    134698742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    371668849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    371668849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    506367591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    506367591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.410530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014465                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014465                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.487853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.410530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.291385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.141244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.410530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20819.731418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19047.208987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26488.760204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31651.120124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29316.823478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41249.183065                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41249.183065                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55756.484764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55756.484764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20819.731418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19047.208987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26488.760204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37232.346311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33500.755553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20819.731418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19047.208987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26488.760204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37232.346311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33500.755553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5608153                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32496.381975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        25476650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5640719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.516561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628544983252                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        12554.935535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.035307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.109630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   376.841616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    89.871326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4298.816433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15175.768623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.383146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.463128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1010869                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       344683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6025801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11262799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18644152                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8903538                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              8903538                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14038                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14038                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2102158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2102158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1010869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       344683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6025801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     13364957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20746310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1010869                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       344683                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6025801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     13364957                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20746310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       897075                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2593319                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3562873                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2072431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2072431                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       897075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4665750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5635304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       897075                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4665750                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5635304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5657979847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1116051248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83811598195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242580138315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   333165767605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     64954160                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     64954160                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192419777094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 192419777094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5657979847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1116051248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83811598195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 434999915409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    525585544699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5657979847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1116051248                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  83811598195                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 434999915409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   525585544699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6922876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13856118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           22207025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8903538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          8903538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20748                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20748                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4174589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4174589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6922876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18030707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            26381614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1071563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       356468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6922876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18030707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           26381614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.187161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.160439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.323405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.323405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.496440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.496440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.213607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.213607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93221.403219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94700.996860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93427.637817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93540.416090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93510.424763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9680.202683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9680.202683                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92847.374457                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92847.374457                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93221.403219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94700.996860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93427.637817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93232.581130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93266.582371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93221.403219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94700.996860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93427.637817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93232.581130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93266.582371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2599982                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2599982                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       897075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2593319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3562873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2072431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2072431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       897075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4665750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5635304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        60694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       897075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4665750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5635304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4806530870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    951280353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71160477205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206045460447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 282963748875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    522382255                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522382255                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162698294718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162698294718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4806530870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    951280353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71160477205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 368743755165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 445662043593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4806530870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    951280353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71160477205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 368743755165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 445662043593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    120170656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    120170656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    326232212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    326232212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    446402868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    446402868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.187161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.323405                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323405                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.496440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.213607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.056641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79192.850529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80719.588714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79325.003155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79452.416169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79420.105312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77851.304769                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77851.304769                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78506.012851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78506.012851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79192.850529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80719.588714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79325.003155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79032.043115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79083.940031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79192.850529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80719.588714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79325.003155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79032.043115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79083.940031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  44                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16863321                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               481017010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16863833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.523587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481011265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      481011265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481011265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       481011265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481011265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      481011265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18203956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18203956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18203956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18203956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18203956                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18203956                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 451682717277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 451682717277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 451682717277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 451682717277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 451682717277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 451682717277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499215221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    499215221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499215221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    499215221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499215221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    499215221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24812.338443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24812.338443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24812.338443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24812.338443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24812.338443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24812.338443                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8401393                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40783.461165                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1340564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1340564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1340564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1340564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1340564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1340564                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16863392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16863392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16863392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16863392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16863392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16863392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350615358843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 350615358843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350615358843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 350615358843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350615358843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 350615358843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20791.508544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20791.508544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20791.508544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20791.508544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20791.508544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20791.508544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2524546                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8518915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2524562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.374413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8518726                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8518726                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8518726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8518726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8518726                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8518726                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2524771                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2524771                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2524771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2524771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2524771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2524771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  42295859448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42295859448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  42295859448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42295859448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  42295859448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42295859448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11043497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11043497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11043497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11043497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11043497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11043497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16752.354747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16752.354747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16752.354747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16752.354747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16752.354747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16752.354747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3398                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3398                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2524771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2524771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2524771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2524771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2524771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2524771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34288574746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34288574746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34288574746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34288574746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34288574746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34288574746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13580.865253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13580.865253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13580.865253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13580.865253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13580.865253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13580.865253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30188810                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.397129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      57092555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30188825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.891182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.397129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.962321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.962321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     57092074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     57092074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     57092074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     57092074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     57092074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     57092074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30196577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30196577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30196577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 383917910094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 383917910094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 383917910094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 383917910094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 383917910094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 383917910094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     87288651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     87288651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     87288651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     87288651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     87288651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     87288651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12713.954634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12713.954634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12713.954634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12713.954634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12713.954634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12713.954634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       462543                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       462543                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30196577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30196577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30196577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289269356236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 289269356236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289269356236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 289269356236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 289269356236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 289269356236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9579.541292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9579.541292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9579.541292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9579.541292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9579.541292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9579.541292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              40984660                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.361853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               985857055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              40985172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.053993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.361853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    713312418                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      713312418                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    270897227                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     270897227                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984209645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984209645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984209645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984209645                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     51467262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     51467262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10006640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10006640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     61473902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      61473902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     61473902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     61473902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1578871131373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1578871131373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 373853921742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 373853921742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1952725053115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1952725053115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1952725053115                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1952725053115                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    764779680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    764779680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    280903867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    280903867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1045683547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1045683547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1045683547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1045683547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30677.193035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30677.193035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37360.584746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37360.584746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31765.106648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31765.106648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31765.106648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31765.106648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     18445068                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         18445068                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19027721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     19027721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        49312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        49312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19077033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19077033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19077033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19077033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     32439541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32439541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9957328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      9957328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     42396869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     42396869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     42396869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     42396869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 754322822285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 754322822285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 335764241106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 335764241106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1090087063391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090087063391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1090087063391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090087063391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    140491213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    140491213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    388448769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    388448769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    528939982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    528939982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23253.190367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23253.190367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33720.315441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33720.315441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25711.499200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25711.499200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25711.499200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25711.499200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6002706826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       599405959                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    599405959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     60611008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    435731211                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       347708554                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1960088329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3258198853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          599405959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    347708554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            971528334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      324459220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81346400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1891872541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        96992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1873303                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2340                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        499215414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29857978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1192540                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5168626055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.115647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.561767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4213987793     81.53%     81.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59380035      1.15%     82.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        58557065      1.13%     83.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        85137200      1.65%     85.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        65020539      1.26%     86.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77493680      1.50%     88.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59406658      1.15%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66679357      1.29%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       482963728      9.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5168626055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.542788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2026263186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1947279756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        894900711                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38364586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     261817816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5634971570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     261817816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2108913201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1541964937                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     76180247                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        843785729                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    335964125                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5481405581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3062615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      56793789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    257139623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1911322                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6122361526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13824997290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13774297100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     50700190                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   4043027504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2079334133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      4554378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      4556200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        742843415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1041737866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    426996001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     69767195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     44751847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5250772005                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      7928967                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4618802848                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10495313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1614265380                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2414580812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2958152                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5168626055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.893623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.521255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3308252389     64.01%     64.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    663737245     12.84%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    466736251      9.03%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    287585488      5.56%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    201212660      3.89%     95.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    131702342      2.55%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     76068452      1.47%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     27586249      0.53%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5744979      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5168626055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6434617     29.37%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        48798      0.22%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       9274885     42.33%     71.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6153064     28.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     32357763      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3331795161     72.14%     72.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9815192      0.21%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    888864133     19.24%     92.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    355970599      7.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4618802848                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.769453                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21911364                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14429024921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6847848596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4474353131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     32878350                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     25973390                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15460101                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4591932247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       16424202                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    101781714                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    342967551                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       773488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       955193                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    146093557                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       389275                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     261817816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1103554516                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     23750654                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5258700972                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29321636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1041737866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    426996001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7210875                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9320762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2783462                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       955193                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     41283899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     23854169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     65138068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4549639892                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    867060355                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69162956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1216868230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       441128190                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         349807875                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.757931                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4502741959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4489813232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3123617716                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4858783401                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.747965                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642881                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1681880492                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4970815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     60800867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4907866940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.729276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.786177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3805632105     77.54%     77.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    372604586      7.59%     85.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    172177549      3.51%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    210212941      4.28%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     78093521      1.59%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     46603774      0.95%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     35013431      0.71%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     24116653      0.49%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    163412380      3.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4907866940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2033694580                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3579187658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             979672773                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            698770326                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             431681                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         377806606                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          13100880                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3553767731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    163412380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10004330004                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10785012079                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               17727908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              834080771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          9054037519                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2033694580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3579187658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2033694580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.951627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.951627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.338796                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.338796                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8864936772                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4975718247                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         17444624                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        11644800                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2176809899                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       4394572                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       265712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234329304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39181048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274412108                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234329304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234329304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28036330                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29292354                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29291163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6110299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35513310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3785195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46732329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54726049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46732329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46732329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5591290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46732329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13405172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60567828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 53                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22187334                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41539074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41377139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339331                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41377139                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107373224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47774139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9921649                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127594                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3794055                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009267562.685741                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48652315.314259                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
