
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49911                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88164                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               26971242                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681711                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       196160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8165335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    532484112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              748778638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203612196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8165335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    532484112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             748778638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           491                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2183.593730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.169043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          307.169701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.067886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.576046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.682447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    538.452143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1301.436327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.074993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.317733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.533104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4258                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1241                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1241                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4398                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3619                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4805797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1808805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121293533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242750692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      370658827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       668374                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       668374                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73032870                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73032870                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4805797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1808805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121293533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315783562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443691697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4805797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1808805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121293533                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315783562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443691697                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1241                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1241                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.709309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.459439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834123                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.834320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.709309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.495758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.709309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.495758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100489.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102704.092295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102686.417936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102420.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23047.379310                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23047.379310                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103739.872159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103592.723404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100489.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102704.092295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102928.149283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102611.400786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       102251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100489.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102704.092295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102928.149283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102611.400786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4546197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1710405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114778827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229657448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350692877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1475269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1475269                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69171470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69171470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4546197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1710405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114778827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298828918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419864347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4546197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1710405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114778827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298828918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419864347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.709309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.709309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.494611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.075630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.709309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96727.595745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95022.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97187.829805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97147.820643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97144.841274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50871.344828                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50871.344828                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98254.928977                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98254.928977                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96727.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95022.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97187.829805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97401.863755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97325.996059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96727.595745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95022.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97187.829805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97401.863755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97325.996059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1977.074174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.077272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.832961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.443604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    550.924443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1370.465445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              60                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   60                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4310                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4387497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110639449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221615613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338279764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66753133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66753133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4387497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110639449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288368746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405032897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4387497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110639449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288368746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405032897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        93351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94482.877028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93865.147395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93836.272954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94819.791193                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94685.295035                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        93351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.176471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94482.877028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94084.419576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93975.150116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        93351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.176471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94482.877028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94084.419576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93975.150116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3730530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94189910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188377811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287699880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56787343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56787343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3730530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94189910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245165154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344487223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3730530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94189910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245165154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344487223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79372.978723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82448.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80435.448335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79787.298179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80005.528365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80663.839489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80663.839489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79372.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82448.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80435.448335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79988.630995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80113.307674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79372.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82448.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80435.448335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79988.630995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80113.307674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1157                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.134783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.076923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.406250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   347.728532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.679157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.679951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31795                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31813                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31795                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162677601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162677601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162677601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162677601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162677601                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162677601                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81420.220721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81379.490245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81420.220721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81379.490245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81420.220721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81379.490245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128727449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128727449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128727449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128727449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128727449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128727449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77313.783183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77313.783183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77313.783183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77313.783183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77313.783183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77313.783183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          228                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.639384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.701754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019267018000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.410727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.228657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.088170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.576791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.664962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4899990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4899990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4899990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4899990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4899990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4899990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18490.528302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18215.576208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18490.528302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18215.576208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18490.528302                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18215.576208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4058902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4058902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4058902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15316.611321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15316.611321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15316.611321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15316.611321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15316.611321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15316.611321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2568                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.267386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.744938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126101300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.668386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.599000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2136                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2136                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2612                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2612                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2617                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31885542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31885542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31885542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31885542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31885542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31885542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.550474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.550600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.550474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.550600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.550474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.550600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12207.328484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12184.005350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12207.328484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12184.005350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12207.328484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12184.005350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23778659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23778659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23778659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23778659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23778659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23778659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.550474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.550474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.550474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9103.621363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9103.621363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9103.621363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9103.621363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9103.621363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9103.621363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3758                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               454.272385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   55084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.657797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.524793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   453.747592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.886226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.887251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44171                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21891                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21891                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66059                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66062                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8224                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8226                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          904                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          905                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    713822730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    713822730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80609635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80609635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    794432365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    794432365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    794432365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    794432365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039658                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86797.510944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86776.407732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89169.950221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89071.419890                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87032.467682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87003.873070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87032.467682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87003.873070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1232                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1232                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257105781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    257105781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77145608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77145608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334251389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334251389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334251389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334251389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75111.241893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75111.241893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85432.566999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85432.566999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77265.693250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77265.693250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77265.693250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77265.693250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56470                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37429                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24355                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       153991                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                264651                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        487343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1941                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             77                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       756979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.640504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.032148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          675652     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8947      1.18%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5190      0.69%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3713      0.49%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5776      0.76%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5420      0.72%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5304      0.70%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3462      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43515      5.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       756979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051050                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       494620                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            73909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         23907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        467486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         23907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         395291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        67450                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        446373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          304                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       534832                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1163781                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1163781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       332191                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          202490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74956                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1981                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            421802                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           369500                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       140371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       225609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          696                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       756979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       607057     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57083      7.54%     87.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34291      4.53%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22413      2.96%     95.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16460      2.17%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10413      1.38%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6578      0.87%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2249      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          435      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       756979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            799     33.59%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           845     35.52%     69.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          735     30.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2983      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       279697     75.70%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59112     16.00%     92.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27708      7.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        369500                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334033                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2379                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006438                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1501947                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       564461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       356861                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        368896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21761                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          120                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7301                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         23907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         354573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       423975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2154                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          120                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5415                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       362023                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57030                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37254                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27100                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327273                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                357905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               356861                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248005                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397299                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322607                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624228                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       147513                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       733234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       642672     87.65%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35442      4.83%     92.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13419      1.83%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14633      2.00%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7132      0.97%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3369      0.46%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2817      0.38%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2197      0.30%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11553      1.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       733234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155261                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67133                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44338                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30478                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           275879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11553                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1144509                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             871721                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 349200                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276257                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.124642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.124642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          724233                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         415472                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167774                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.093847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1093847136255                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6113614405860                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25010                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46710                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31979489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4664352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34204.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855448594                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1597707179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3536256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       153664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       965440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11190912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15917312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       965440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         965440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11890816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11890816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       174858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               248708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3232861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       140480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       882610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10230782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14551679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       882610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            882610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10870638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10870638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10870638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3232861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       140480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       882610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10230782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25422316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105147                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.472789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020565137000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.357148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8105                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8105                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99401                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101129                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203217                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4593986167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4595070167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125010784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6702309000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827319784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126094784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11296295167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11422389951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126094784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11296295167                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11422389951                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40148.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44251.234559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44250.167724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72344.203704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67426.977596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67510.998665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71848.879772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55587.353258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55726.586807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71848.879772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55587.353258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55726.586807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       330800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  31                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10670.967742                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56790                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56790                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       746700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3311876869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312623569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104215600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5474758702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5578974302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104962300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8786635571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891597871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104962300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8786635571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891597871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27655.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31901.410852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31900.306896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60309.953704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55077.501253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.908622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59807.578348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43237.699459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43379.573166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59807.578348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43237.699459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43379.573166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27863002                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.772693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        58036090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27867052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.082606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          520.839838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.335752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.621392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2724.311946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    697.659691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.127158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.665115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.170327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17628536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4610755                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21176154                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8120510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51535955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8573064                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8573064                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       966923                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              966923                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1530470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1530470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17628536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4610755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21176154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9650980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                53066425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17628536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4610755                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21176154                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9650980                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               53066425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       333101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6079954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25797567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1853390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1853390                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       333101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7933344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27650957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       333101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7933344                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27650957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7539836775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3729741254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 425024709845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152864319540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   589158607414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2266087177                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2266087177                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55194692637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  55194692637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7539836775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3729741254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 425024709845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 208059012177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    644353300051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7539836775                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3729741254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 425024709845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 208059012177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   644353300051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17961637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4782665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40388756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14200464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77333522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8573064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8573064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1020543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1020543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3383860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3383860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17961637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4782665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40388756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17584324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80717382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17961637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4782665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40388756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17584324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80717382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.333588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052541                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052541                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547715                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.547715                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.342565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.342565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22635.287120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21695.894677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22122.183650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25142.348041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22837.758592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42261.976445                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42261.976445                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29780.398425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29780.398425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22635.287120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21695.894677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22122.183650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26225.890643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.110270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22635.287120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21695.894677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22122.183650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26225.890643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.110270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3839536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3839536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6079954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25795179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53620                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53620                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1853390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1853390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7933344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27648569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7933344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27648569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5736566518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2780256461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316156295693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119436410072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 444109528744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2862594070                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862594070                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44781087103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44781087103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5736566518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2780256461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316156295693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164217497175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 488890615847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5736566518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2780256461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316156295693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164217497175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 488890615847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10252184941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10252184941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15364109496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15364109496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25616294437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25616294437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052541                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052541                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17300.596890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16254.912337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16455.672984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19644.295018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17216.764758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53386.685379                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53386.685379                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24161.718312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24161.718312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17300.596890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16254.912337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16455.672984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20699.656686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17682.311726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17300.596890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16254.912337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16455.672984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20699.656686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17682.311726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        192858                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32342.279353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29309689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        225355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        130.060079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18148.955394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.057668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   440.272714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   146.356575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5550.590991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8056.027483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.553862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170323                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19197509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5926549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25623562                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3839536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3839536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4423                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4423                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1669650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1669650                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19197509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7596199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27293212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329181                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170323                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19197509                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7596199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27293212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15093                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               171617                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73522                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             73522                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       159415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             159415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       312820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                331032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       312820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               331032                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    222722493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66705292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1411920530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9158210634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10859558949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1856892177                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1856892177                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14330342403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14330342403                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    222722493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66705292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1411920530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23488553037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25189901352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    222722493                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     66705292                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1411920530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23488553037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25189901352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6079954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25795179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3839536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3839536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        77945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1829065                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1829065                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7909019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27624244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19212602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7909019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27624244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.943255                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.943255                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.087157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92762.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92904.306407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93548.037501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59699.557602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63277.874272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25256.279440                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25256.279440                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89893.312442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89893.312442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92762.387755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92904.306407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93548.037501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75086.481162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76095.064380                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92762.387755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92904.306407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93548.037501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75086.481162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76095.064380                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              129004                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   129004                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73522                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        73522                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       159415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        159415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       312820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           331032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       312820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          331032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189057396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56610043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1199096583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6997306217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442070239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3751249728                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3751249728                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12051642495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12051642495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189057396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56610043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1199096583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19048948712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20493712734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189057396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     56610043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1199096583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19048948712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20493712734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9135633193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9135633193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13683839067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13683839067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22819472260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22819472260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.943255                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943255                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78741.106206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78844.071031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.199563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45613.286510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49191.340246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51022.139332                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51022.139332                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75599.175078                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75599.175078                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78741.106206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78844.071031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.199563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60894.280136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61908.554865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78741.106206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78844.071031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79447.199563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60894.280136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61908.554865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33901015                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45714                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20771809                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13129206                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22857                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22857                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21501                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40388767                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137712194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40389279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.409622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137690485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137690485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137690485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137690485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137690485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137690485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44443830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44443830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44443830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44443830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44443830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44443830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 962979928466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 962979928466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 962979928466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 962979928466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 962979928466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 962979928466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182134315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182134315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182134315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    182134315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182134315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    182134315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21667.347942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21667.347942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21667.347942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21667.347942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21667.347942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21667.347942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       344119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 43014.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4055050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4055050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4055050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4055050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4055050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4055050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40388780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40388780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40388780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40388780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40388780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40388780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750330047654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 750330047654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750330047654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 750330047654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750330047654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 750330047654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18577.685378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18577.685378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18577.685378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18577.685378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18577.685378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18577.685378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4784575                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4429057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4784591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.925692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4428642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4428642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4428642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4428642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4428642                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4428642                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4785293                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4785293                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4785293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4785293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4785293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4785293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  80256799755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80256799755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  80256799755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  80256799755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  80256799755                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  80256799755                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9213935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9213935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9213935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9213935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9213935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9213935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16771.553958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16771.553958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16771.553958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16771.553958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16771.553958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16771.553958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        44680                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        44680                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4785293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4785293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4785293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4785293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4785293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4785293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65602835823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65602835823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65602835823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65602835823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65602835823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65602835823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13709.262071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13709.262071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13709.262071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13709.262071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13709.262071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13709.262071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17965770                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5129368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17965786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.285508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5129170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5129170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5129170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5129170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5129170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5129170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17976687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17976687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17976687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17976687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17976687                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17976687                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 286002564535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 286002564535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 286002564535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 286002564535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 286002564535                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 286002564535                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23105857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23105857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23105857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23105857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23105857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23105857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.778014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15909.636995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15909.636995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15909.636995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15909.636995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15909.636995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15909.636995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        22867                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        22867                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17976687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17976687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17976687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17976687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17976687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17976687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231128035662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 231128035662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231128035662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 231128035662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231128035662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 231128035662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12857.098511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12857.098511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12857.098511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12857.098511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12857.098511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12857.098511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17544521                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.761737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279876675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17545032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.951905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.761737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180346472                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180346472                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98379376                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98379376                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278725848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278725848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278725848                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278725848                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21879663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21879663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4433189                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4433189                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26312852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26312852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26312852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26312852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 575249954687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 575249954687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114211731223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114211731223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 689461685910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 689461685910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 689461685910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 689461685910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202226135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202226135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102812565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102812565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305038700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    305038700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305038700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    305038700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26291.536332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26291.536332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25762.883383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25762.883383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26202.468889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26202.468889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26202.468889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26202.468889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8505517                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8505517                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7669420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7669420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        56824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7726244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7726244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7726244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7726244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14210243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14210243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4376365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4376365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18586608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18586608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18586608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18586608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318265135184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 318265135184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97753605935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97753605935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 416018741119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 416018741119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 416018741119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 416018741119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10703535066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10703535066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15965538643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15965538643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26669073709                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26669073709                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22396.881966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22396.881966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22336.712302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22336.712302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22382.714539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22382.714539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22382.714539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22382.714539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3245491641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       234078922                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    234078922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42962931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    199651065                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       105166440                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1436306566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1071783806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          234078922                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105166440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            334220605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      158256941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          86170746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     414022067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       738937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2054420                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        182134323                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29607590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1230179                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2387251966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.839607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.286410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2061738275     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20437092      0.86%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14812616      0.62%     87.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26902793      1.13%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23109991      0.97%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28028237      1.17%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19908822      0.83%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16964703      0.71%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       175349437      7.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2387251966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072124                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.330238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1501519134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    457053272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        308420109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6520882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     113738569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1940592410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1309                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     113738569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1523427070                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      153816584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    255629300                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        291868414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48772029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1859047170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       737387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7859371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32469165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       189427                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2018603445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4623531801                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4623441253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        90548                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202938219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       815665328                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6223688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6256236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149547812                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    262707112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    161915512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17131160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15705751                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1722384095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9039810                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1551526670                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8325791                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    590707194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    787896814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3374483                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2387251966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.649922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.422218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1807078167     75.70%     75.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198831951      8.33%     84.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    125564612      5.26%     89.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     86007404      3.60%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70469161      2.95%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49478714      2.07%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36687557      1.54%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10927473      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2206927      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2387251966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4514009     41.96%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4107212     38.18%     80.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2137402     19.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18531748      1.19%      1.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1151298486     74.20%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    238511961     15.37%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143184475      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1551526670                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.478056                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10758623                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5516163999                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2322558853                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1474039434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40888                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24906                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20283                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1543733083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20462                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24589984                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98447611                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       505296                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       476879                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59074362                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       202089                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     113738569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       86377740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2103770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1731423905                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29887742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    262707112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    161915512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7951175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1042226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        78413                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       476879                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14277537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33821326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48098863                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1504132833                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    227070769                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47393841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           364486501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158527664                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         137415732                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.463453                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1477007694                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1474059717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        927170214                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1429601303                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.454187                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648552                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    648321484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5665327                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43200313                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2274417040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1919889988     84.41%     84.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    126993384      5.58%     90.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57145846      2.51%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62578588      2.75%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33139239      1.46%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14830080      0.65%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11805844      0.52%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7788077      0.34%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     40245994      1.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2274417040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586026954                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083047751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267100665                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164259512                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577887                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125375584                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078479502                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     40245994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3964247567                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3576955541                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24790915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              858239675                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            28653959                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586026954                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083047751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586026954                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.538127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.538127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2876440979                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1585046865                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20283                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      708944260                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5310653                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2838832744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511629754                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3354251842                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2838832744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2838832744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356899985                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364464421                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354854093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81035973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436126835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51479444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51660766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2518846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       861927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2595273736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          467734235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3066472207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2595273736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2595273736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3441271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3474171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326279581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333195022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3447948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5993017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       861927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2595273736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         794013816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3399667229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33901015                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45714                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13129206                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20771809                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22857                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22857                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21387                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3284817803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268017944                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512168667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510463104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36571537                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510463104                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1316464332                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564878668                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132730444                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81118653                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51611791                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2685791453.680974                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599026349.319025                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182362                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817638                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
