
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   101956                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31096339                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      537053                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              316736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308568914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    286215200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1084593436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305062450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305062450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305062450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308568914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    286215200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1389655885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.735294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613413000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.735294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    255751824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    255751824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    256699824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    256699824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    256699824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    256699824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181641.920455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181641.920455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1320500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9854.477612                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    238802576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238802576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239472576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239472576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239472576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239472576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30454.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30454.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169604.102273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169604.102273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167463.339860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           229                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1777.732551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              44                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.192140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.779143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.918421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.305454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.491421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1183.954984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    527.283261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.003608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.289052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.128731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.434017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             190                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  190                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3563                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7663982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2792052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223311575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106982187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340749796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32834691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32834691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7663982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2792052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223311575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139816878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       373584487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7663982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2792052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223311575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139816878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      373584487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          190                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              190                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.429705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.920821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.450899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.450899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107943.408451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107386.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104156.518190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107411.834337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104878.361342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104903.166134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104569.079618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107943.408451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107386.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104156.518190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106811.977082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104851.104968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107943.408451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107386.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104156.518190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106811.977082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104851.104968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7275082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2649152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211475381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101521287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322920902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31097191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31097191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7275082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2649152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211475381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132618478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354018093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7275082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2649152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211475381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132618478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354018093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7190974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7190974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10373310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10373310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.449253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102465.943662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101890.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98635.905317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101929.003012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99759.314798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99352.047923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.047923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102465.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98635.905317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101312.817418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99723.406479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102465.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101890.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98635.905317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101312.817418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99723.406479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1804.755866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.172252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.492671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1208.435686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    542.655393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2560652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203984679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98037954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      311602567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29864758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29864758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2560652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203984679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127902712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       341467325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019282                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2560652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203984679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127902712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      341467325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.993844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.994384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.994384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100275.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98486.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95947.638288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98530.607035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96501.259523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96028.160772                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95720.378205                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100275.457143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98486.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95947.638288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97934.695253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96432.455521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100275.457143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98486.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95947.638288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97934.695253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96432.455521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6047543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2198357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174126099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84134556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266506555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25438749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25438749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6047543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2198357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174126099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109573305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291945304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6047543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2198357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174126099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109573305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291945304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6430059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6430059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9264059                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9264059                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.990733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86393.471429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84552.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81903.150988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84557.342714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82843.193970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81796.620579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81796.620579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86393.471429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84552.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81903.150988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83899.927259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82750.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86393.471429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 84552.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81903.150988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83899.927259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82750.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3258                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.749196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.896869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616611300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.451386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26094                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310759310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310759310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310759310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    310759310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310759310                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    310759310                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69739.521993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69723.874804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69739.521993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69723.874804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69739.521993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69723.874804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241856667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241856667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241856667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241856667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241856667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241856667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64169.983285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64169.983285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64169.983285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.073406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.687500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598742762300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.938897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.683681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.692088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4069283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4069283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4069283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37332.871560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36332.883929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37332.871560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36332.883929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37332.871560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36332.883929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3716868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3716868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3716868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3716868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3716868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3716868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34099.706422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34099.706422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34099.706422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2613                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.280520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618674300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.814121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36313139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36313139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36313139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36313139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36313139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36313139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.764980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.764980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.764980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13844.124666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.277186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13844.124666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.277186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13844.124666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.277186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28210887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28210887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28210887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28210887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28210887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28210887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.764500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10755.199009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10755.199009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10755.199009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   421                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               639.631190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    7147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.976247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.854992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   638.776198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.623805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.624640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          33105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17493                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17494                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        50598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           50599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        50598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          50599                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2037                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210293335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210293335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36067268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36067268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246360603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246360603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246360603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246360603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103236.786942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103186.131011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103049.337143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102755.749288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103209.301634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103122.897865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103209.301634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103122.897865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109979426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109979426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33840913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33840913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143820339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143820339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143820339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143820339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7466284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7466284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10788069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10788069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019111                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104842.160153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104842.160153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99240.214076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99240.214076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.869784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44509                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32188                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17946                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       191888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214309                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          379                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4088                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       445611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.892061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.368098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          383738     86.12%     86.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2843      0.64%     86.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2452      0.55%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3396      0.76%     88.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5089      1.14%     89.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3695      0.83%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5810      1.30%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2818      0.63%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35770      8.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       445611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244382                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          190719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174947                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          195910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        49932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       400711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       907156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       906998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       245343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          155272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1072                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48552                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           299299                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       445611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.671660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       334837     75.14%     75.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36880      8.28%     83.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23467      5.27%     88.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18068      4.05%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13088      2.94%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9956      2.23%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6564      1.47%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2243      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          508      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       445611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            730     48.54%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           387     25.73%     74.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3230      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230141     76.89%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42535     14.21%     92.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23383      7.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        299299                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341298                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1504                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005025                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048348                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       285351                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18435                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9658                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          95388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48552                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6541                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290448                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40307                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29801                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22288                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331205                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                286132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               285369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           188019                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298717                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325413                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629422                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       425246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.440443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350247     82.36%     82.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27780      6.53%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13857      3.26%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11895      2.80%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6936      1.63%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3549      0.83%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2041      0.48%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2796      0.66%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6145      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       425246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118376                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47987                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                30095                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24147                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              757527                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697843                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 431332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118376                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.408115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.408115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          563719                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         312415                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127810                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           745                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.010289                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5010289217478                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12609352370988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19472                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    33926                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               90467830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4878764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55382.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1078423523                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1878902272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3008192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2109888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       429568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     29980992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    161585152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           197117824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29980992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       29980992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     94795648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         94795648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        47003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       468453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2524768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3079966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1481182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1481182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       600403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       421111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        85737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      5983885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     32250664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               39342604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5983885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           5983885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         18920195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              18920195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         18920195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       600403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       421111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        85737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      5983885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     32250664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              58262799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50524                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.353169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     3.587152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.766017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.224197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.610376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.834573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          49749                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50591                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     33662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      3072302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36734302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8738848792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      6452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8745300792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8772510792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      9524302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   8782035094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8772510792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      9524302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   8782035094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           90                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.835443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.984795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43378.865979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46550.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43627.437055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175959.423164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75905.882353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175788.473979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173919.722284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 63074.847682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173588.881303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173919.722284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 63074.847682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173588.881303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     55414200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5405                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10252.395930                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          49726                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               49726                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23921400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2253900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26175300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8140299776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5406800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8145706576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8164221176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7660700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8171881876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8164221176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7660700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8171881876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.835443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30826.546392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        34150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31087.054632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163907.453608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63609.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163736.086675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161860.055036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50733.112583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161528.372161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161860.055036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50733.112583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161528.372161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          776                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3178496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          776                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      10559832                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4041.114529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        41245930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      10563883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.904429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7624745863300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          714.499155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    48.602609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    16.154962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1294.766138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1967.087466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.174438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.316105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.480246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16739505                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1273547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6307819                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6051505                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               30372376                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        12973217                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             12973217                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       512854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              512854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7378155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7378155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16739505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1273547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6307819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     13429660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                37750531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16739505                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1273547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6307819                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     13429660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               37750531                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2296380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5875410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8452638                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2016151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2016151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2296380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7891561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              10468789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70364                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2296380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7891561                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             10468789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7254527708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2106242941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87924535824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 239321037395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   336606343868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     65371139                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     65371139                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 137607699662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 137607699662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7254527708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2106242941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87924535824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376928737057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    474214043530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7254527708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2106242941                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87924535824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376928737057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   474214043530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16949989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1343911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8604199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11926915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           38825014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     12973217                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         12973217                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       519865                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          519865                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9394306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9394306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16949989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1343911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8604199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21321221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            48219320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16949989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1343911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8604199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21321221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           48219320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.492618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.217711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.214614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.214614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.217108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.217108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34465.934266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29933.530513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38288.321543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40732.653108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39822.638077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9324.082014                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9324.082014                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68252.675351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68252.675351                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34465.934266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29933.530513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38288.321543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47763.520685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45297.889138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34465.934266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29933.530513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38288.321543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47763.520685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45297.889138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3994334                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3994334                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2296374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5875385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8452570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2016151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2016151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2296374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7891536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         10468721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2296374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7891536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        10468721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6109210178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1716338387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74919520513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 206425377537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 289170446615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    547030442                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547030442                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 126284121637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 126284121637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6109210178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1716338387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74919520513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332709499174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 415454568252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6109210178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1716338387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74919520513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332709499174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 415454568252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    113019323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    113019323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    329446304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    329446304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    442465627                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    442465627                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.492616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.214614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.217106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29025.823390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24401.990261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32625.138811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35133.932081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34210.949642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78024.595921                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78024.595921                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62636.241847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62636.241847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29025.823390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24401.990261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32625.138811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42160.296699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39685.322424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29025.823390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24401.990261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32625.138811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42160.296699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39685.322424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       3004317                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32492.690974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         9412661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       3036912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.099418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7624577676197                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        12029.201732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.033980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.022645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   282.393358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    71.197665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4327.928133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15781.910275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.367102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.481626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63624                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1827920                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4526625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                6595677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3994334                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3994334                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1495                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1495                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       839782                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               839782                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1827920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5366407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 7435459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1827920                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5366407                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                7435459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       468454                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1348760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1856893                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5573                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5573                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1176312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1176312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       468454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2525072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               3033205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       468454                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2525072                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              3033205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3078629497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    637553460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43797833945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 126157148714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   173671165616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     44337494                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     44337494                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109231603412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 109231603412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3078629497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    637553460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43797833945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235388752126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    282902769028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3078629497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    637553460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43797833945                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235388752126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   282902769028                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2296374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5875385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8452570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3994334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3994334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2016094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2016094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2296374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7891479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10468664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       210475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2296374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7891479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10468664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.203997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.219684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.788483                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.788483                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.583461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.203997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.289741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.203997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.289741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93385.188128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94987.106675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93494.417691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93535.654019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93527.826114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7955.767809                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7955.767809                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92859.380345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92859.380345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93385.188128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94987.106675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93494.417691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93220.609997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.595109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93385.188128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94987.106675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93494.417691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93220.609997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.595109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1431456                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1431456                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       468454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1348760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1856893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5573                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5573                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1176312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1176312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       468454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2525072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          3033205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       468454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2525072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         3033205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2616314740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    543754286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37191719822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107141210438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 147492999286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    435795687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435795687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92341456536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92341456536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2616314740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    543754286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37191719822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 199482666974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 239834455822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2616314740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    543754286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37191719822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 199482666974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 239834455822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    100888887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    100888887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    289693707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    289693707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    390582594                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    390582594                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.203997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.788483                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788483                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.203997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.289741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.203997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79361.626475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81012.259535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79392.469318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79436.823777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79429.993697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78197.682936                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78197.682936                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78500.819966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78500.819966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79361.626475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81012.259535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79392.469318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79000.783730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79069.649372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79361.626475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81012.259535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79392.469318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79000.783730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79069.649372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         1144                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1876                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        40                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        3020                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     1827                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2995                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  20                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               8604276                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               257014445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               8604788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.868771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257006033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      257006033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257006033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       257006033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257006033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      257006033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9226257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9226257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9226257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       9226257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9226257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      9226257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210473868746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 210473868746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210473868746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 210473868746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 210473868746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 210473868746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    266232290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    266232290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    266232290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    266232290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    266232290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    266232290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22812.487095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22812.487095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22812.487095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22812.487095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22812.487095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22812.487095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4075357                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39954.480392                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       621915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       621915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       621915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       621915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       621915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       621915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8604342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8604342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8604342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8604342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8604342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8604342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160474857687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160474857687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160474857687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 160474857687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160474857687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 160474857687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18650.450864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18650.450864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18650.450864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18650.450864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18650.450864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18650.450864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1344076                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.210418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4815436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1344091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.582671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.210418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.950651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.950651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4815232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4815232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4815232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4815232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4815232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4815232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344293                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1344293                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1344293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1344293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  20082682706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20082682706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  20082682706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20082682706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  20082682706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20082682706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6159525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6159525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6159525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      6159525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6159525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      6159525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.218246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.218246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14939.215414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14939.215414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14939.215414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14939.215414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14939.215414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14939.215414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          561                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          561                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1344293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1344293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1344293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1344293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  15824640951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15824640951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  15824640951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15824640951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  15824640951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15824640951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11771.720117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11771.720117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11771.720117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11771.720117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11771.720117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11771.720117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     16955555                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.731607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      34093241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     16955571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.010740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.731607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.983225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.983225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34092547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     34092547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34092547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     34092547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34092547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     34092547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16961826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     16961826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16961826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     16961826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16961826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     16961826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211100685102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 211100685102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211100685102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 211100685102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 211100685102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 211100685102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51054373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     51054373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51054373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     51054373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51054373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     51054373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.332231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.332231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.332231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12445.634397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12445.634397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12445.634397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12445.634397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12445.634397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12445.634397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4350                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4350                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16961826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16961826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16961826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16961826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16961826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16961826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 158080570818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 158080570818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 158080570818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 158080570818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 158080570818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 158080570818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9319.784958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9319.784958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9319.784958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9319.784958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9319.784958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9319.784958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              21321282                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1023.999955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               521628943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              21322306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.464002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    386701148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      386701148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    134270634                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     134270634                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    520971782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       520971782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    520971782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      520971782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20111510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     20111510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9924011                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9924011                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30035521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      30035521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30035521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     30035521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 708507163506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 708507163506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 279022410124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 279022410124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 987529573630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 987529573630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 987529573630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 987529573630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    406812658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    406812658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    144194645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    144194645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    551007303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    551007303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    551007303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    551007303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.068824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35228.939225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35228.939225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28115.890855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28115.890855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32878.722950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32878.722950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32878.722950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32878.722950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12968306                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         12968306                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8183192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8183192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        15081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        15081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8198273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8198273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8198273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8198273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11928318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11928318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9908930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      9908930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21837248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21837248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21837248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21837248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 325047151219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 325047151219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241972945501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241972945501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 567020096720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 567020096720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 567020096720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 567020096720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    117852799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    117852799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    344152393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    344152393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    462005192                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    462005192                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068719                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27250.040720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27250.040720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24419.684618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24419.684618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25965.730513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25965.730513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25965.730513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25965.730513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3186635234                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       313545559                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    313545559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     34367112                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    226047655                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       181329827                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1027450336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1729201847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          313545559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    181329827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            511906088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      172948362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          42812466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1082013458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        56728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       736103                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1239                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        266232384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     16951845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         639386                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2803071447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.081645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.528249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2299628551     82.04%     82.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        31969444      1.14%     83.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        31962992      1.14%     84.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        44041412      1.57%     85.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        34826286      1.24%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        41549448      1.48%     88.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        30537555      1.09%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        34816398      1.24%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       253739361      9.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2803071447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.098394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.542642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1063173736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1110339763                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        471160668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     20302251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     138095029                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2958576952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          766                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     138095029                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1107478492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      907537273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     19195882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        443617287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    187147484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2874554290                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1463955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      28346274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    149457071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       888218                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   3233581342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   7227764057                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   7205149617                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     22614440                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2115946361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1117635091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       462946                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       464620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        398275999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    550957444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    218781399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     34490979                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21756099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        2745461720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1096828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       2413244651                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      5976233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    851575331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1263880686                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       489389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2803071447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.860929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.497807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1822760413     65.03%     65.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    358791262     12.80%     77.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    241758028      8.62%     86.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    149961599      5.35%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    104308913      3.72%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     68688582      2.45%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     39910137      1.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14226952      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2665561      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2803071447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3968620     35.53%     35.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        10800      0.10%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4492247     40.22%     75.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2697601     24.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     16593753      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1737474919     72.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3465398      0.14%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    471852950     19.55%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    183857631      7.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    2413244651                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.757302                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           11169268                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004628                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   7646579009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3587023089                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2334672989                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     13665909                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     11502884                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6362628                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    2401008643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        6811523                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     52106723                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    181990875                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       481819                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       412792                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     74587071                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       191308                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          644                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     138095029                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      658958722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     12890756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2746558548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     17015610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    550957444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    218781399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       848481                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       4309297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1467194                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       412792                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     23662329                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     13346068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     37008397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   2374269158                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    459158707                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     38975493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           639550013                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       229385261                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         180391306                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.745071                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            2348471254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           2341035617                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1638030840                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       2524551696                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.734642                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648840                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    888311200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       607439                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     34454439                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2665014573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.697662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.734129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2076029911     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    208713851      7.83%     85.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90756273      3.41%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    111637842      4.19%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     41853894      1.57%     94.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     24308168      0.91%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17903860      0.67%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12725646      0.48%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81085128      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2665014573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1067979012                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1859280045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             513160911                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            368966580                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             117619                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         195644012                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           5141728                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1847824987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     81085128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          5331370221                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         5633900697                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7269044                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              383563787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         11858098892                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1067979012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1859280045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1067979012                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.983799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.983799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.335143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.335143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      4619814306                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2616288592                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6178624                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         4538578                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1137580950                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        444195                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2708                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       204072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        94640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        98800704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        16866297                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          115970861                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     98800704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      98800704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     11959071                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        13210327                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        25509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        11830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         12350088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2583916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            14971737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1608519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1628122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        40731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19719561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3366332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23146540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19719561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19719561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2386902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2636640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        40731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19719561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5753234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25783180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1876                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        1144                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       40                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       3020                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2995                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    1827                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 21                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15045913974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   9365749                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    17710647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            17639685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                10622                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1344355                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   17639685                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       10622                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          45322543                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         20332607                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              16219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6958                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     4201736                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2589233                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1612503                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15025214909.976246                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             20699064.023755                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
