
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65230                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   115807                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36477431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        920246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    430766277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    223662859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              976565475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    430766277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         431428654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    430766277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    223662859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1283908713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.280452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046638000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.280452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246897824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246897824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247851824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247851824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247851824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247851824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175353.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175353.568182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173322.953846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173322.953846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173322.953846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173322.953846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1788100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11175.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       674600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       674600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229932392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229932392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230606992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230606992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230606992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230606992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30663.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30663.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163304.255682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163304.255682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161263.630769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161263.630769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161263.630769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161263.630769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2346                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1119.296712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.767690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           84.843601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.885438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.323837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.545212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.146699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.121172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    777.965165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    233.465589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.041428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.379866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.113997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.546532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          989                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             499                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  499                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2184                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          989                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          252                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3496                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3659                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3846057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       501150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    219703128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76504346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      300554681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34257182                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34257182                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3846057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       501150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    219703128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110761528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334811863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3846057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       501150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    219703128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110761528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334811863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.734710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.514483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.889460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.734710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.533929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.734710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.533929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66311.327586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 62643.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80212.898138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90968.306778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82141.208254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99875.166181                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99009.196532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66311.327586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 62643.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80212.898138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93548.587838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83598.467665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66311.327586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 62643.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80212.898138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93548.587838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83598.467665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 173                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      173                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3530584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204443389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71910361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280341053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32354618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32354618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3530584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204443389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104264979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    312695671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3530584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204443389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104264979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    312695671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325463                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325463                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.734710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.734710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.531796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.105263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.734710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 60872.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 57089.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74641.617014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85505.780024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76890.030993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94328.332362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94328.332362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 60872.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 57089.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74641.617014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88061.637669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78389.488844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 60872.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 57089.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74641.617014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88061.637669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78389.488844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1767.569574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           30.149340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.029914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.744661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1255.235066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    442.410736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             173                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  173                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185234403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66668532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      255256527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30879275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30879275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185234403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97547807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286135802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983506                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185234403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97547807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286135802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          173                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              173                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.534483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.712304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.733534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.962319                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.534483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.712304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.753247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.534483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.712304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.753247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96242.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94943.312660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97326.324088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95103.027943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93857.978723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93009.864458                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96242.129032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94943.312660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96200.993097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94872.613395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96242.129032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94943.312660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96200.993097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94872.613395                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2552634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157814093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57129134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217809461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26174504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26174504                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2552634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157814093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83303638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243983965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2552634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157814093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83303638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243983965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.534483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.712304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.534483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.712304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.749251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.534483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.712304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.749251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82343.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80888.822655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83400.195620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81546.035567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79557.762918                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79557.762918                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82343.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80888.822655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82153.489152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81327.988333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82343.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80888.822655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82153.489152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81327.988333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3219                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.223780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.264368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049853300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.926439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20696                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4430                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299789719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299789719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299789719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299789719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299789719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299789719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.176311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.176311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.176311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67718.481816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67672.622799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67718.481816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67672.622799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67718.481816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67672.622799                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235413848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235413848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235413848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235413848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235413848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235413848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63147.491416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63147.491416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63147.491416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63147.491416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63147.491416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63147.491416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           72                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.085334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           72                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.638889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.745386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          663                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          663                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           83                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1454036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1454036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1454036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1454036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1454036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1454036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19132.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17518.506024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19132.052632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17518.506024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19132.052632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17518.506024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1213639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1213639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1213639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15968.934211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15968.934211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15968.934211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15968.934211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15968.934211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15968.934211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2232                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.108455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.126344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.017818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28454522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28454522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28454522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     28454522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28454522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     28454522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.872382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.872382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.872382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12685.921534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12652.077368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12685.921534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12652.077368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12685.921534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12652.077368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21534395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21534395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21534395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21534395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21534395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21534395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.870054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.870054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.870054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9600.711101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9600.711101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9600.711101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9600.711101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9600.711101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9600.711101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   927                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.062679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   20754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.388350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130777300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.062751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26751                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15976                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15980                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42727                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42732                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143651658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143651658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38307683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38307683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181959341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    181959341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181959341                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    181959341                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        44980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        44988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        44980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        44988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78670.130340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78670.130340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89713.543326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89087.634884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80763.134043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80655.736259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80763.134043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80655.736259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          499                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              499                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81513421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81513421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35629043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35629043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117142464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117142464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117142464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117142464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3989226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3989226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7789969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7789969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779195                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779195                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77631.829524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77631.829524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86268.869249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86268.869249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80070.036910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80070.036910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80070.036910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80070.036910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37413                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28502                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14843                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       170676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                181148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        157521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1407                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25106                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3669                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             24                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       402935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.830131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.296219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          350988     87.11%     87.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2412      0.60%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1914      0.48%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2834      0.70%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3856      0.96%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3685      0.91%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5050      1.25%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1970      0.49%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30226      7.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       402935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.234255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       167188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            47726                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17265                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        321466                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17265                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            45902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        305566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          148                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       334949                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       755403                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       755313                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       209261                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          125688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          932                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24473                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            284259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           254984                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        91658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       131764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          785                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       402935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.406942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       308424     76.54%     76.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31390      7.79%     84.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19647      4.88%     89.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16187      4.02%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11157      2.77%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8477      2.10%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5270      1.31%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1958      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          425      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       402935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            521     40.26%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           398     30.76%     71.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          375     28.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2816      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       196159     76.93%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        34698     13.61%     91.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21301      8.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        254984                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.329737                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1294                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005075                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       916418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       377584                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       242772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        253448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14277                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8024                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17265                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          701                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       285836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24473                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           95                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6118                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       247569                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        32890                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25133                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20314                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.320148                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                243655                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               242781                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           157480                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           246929                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.313957                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637754                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        99497                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       385729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.404409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       321202     83.27%     83.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24083      6.24%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12261      3.18%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9891      2.56%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5892      1.53%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2990      0.78%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1646      0.43%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2433      0.63%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5331      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       385729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102603                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        186351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41209                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24760                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20303                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              666119                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             589080                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 370360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97137                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               186351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.536768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.536768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          476617                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         264215                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         107994                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           630                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  41117                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81502                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20281063871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2958.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121652657                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241138933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       571264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2668672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5235136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       571264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         571264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2493568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2493568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38019                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.898478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.132900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.765579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    490985664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1965593991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2456579655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4848308544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4949451544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5339294208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2066736991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7406031199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5339294208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2066736991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7406031199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155276.933586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115027.738237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121312.575556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175358.381944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61224.576271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168923.260887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173297.442648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110284.791409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149465.816327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173297.442648                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110284.791409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149465.816327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     63955712                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9761.250305                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    452685276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1759305400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2211990676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4515068700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80702200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4595770900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4967753976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1840007600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6807761576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4967753976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1840007600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6807761576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143164.223909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102955.606273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109234.107457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163305.436198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48851.210654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156852.249147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161238.363389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98186.104589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137391.757336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161238.363389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98186.104589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137391.757336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        455818                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1542.069809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         1911744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        457432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.179297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          238.236658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.655949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.434460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    940.831350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    337.911391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.116326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.459390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.164996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.752964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       669193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24612                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       907725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       143226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1744756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          228807                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               228807                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21946                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               21946                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                60056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       669193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       907725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       203282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1804812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       669193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24612                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       907725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       203282                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1804812                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248537                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       136964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               393170                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8377                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              51114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       188078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                444284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       188078                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               444284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160196544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36001422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6076612681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5501289760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11774100407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96388589                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     96388589                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2992195869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2992195869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160196544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36001422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6076612681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8493485629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     14766296276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    160196544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36001422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6076612681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8493485629                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    14766296276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1156262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       280190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2137926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       228807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           228807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30323                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30323                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       111170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           111170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1156262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       391360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2249096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1156262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       391360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2249096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.214949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.183903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.276259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.276259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.459782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.214949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.197539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.214949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.197539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25152.542628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27693.401538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24449.529370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40165.954265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29946.589025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11506.337472                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11506.337472                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58539.653891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58539.653891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25152.542628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27693.401538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24449.529370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45159.378710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33236.164877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25152.542628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27693.401538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24449.529370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45159.378710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33236.164877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              107401                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   107401                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       136956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          393152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8377                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8377                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         51114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       188070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           444266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       188070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          444266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    125935788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     28936551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4659864520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4744474570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9559211429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    697446077                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    697446077                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2701708142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2701708142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    125935788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     28936551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4659864520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7446182712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12260919571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    125935788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     28936551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4659864520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7446182712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12260919571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    858473667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    858473667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2629825252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2629825252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3488298919                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3488298919                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.214945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.276259                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276259                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.214945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.197531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.214945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19782.561734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22310.370856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18749.480029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34642.327244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24314.289204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83257.261191                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83257.261191                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52856.519584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52856.519584                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19782.561734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22310.370856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18749.480029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39592.612921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27598.149692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19782.561734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22310.370856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18749.480029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39592.612921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27598.149692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24374                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32464.147131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          448978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          7.881647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9603.869223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.581432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        5.467426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   220.172792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    67.622571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7754.796732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14807.636856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.293087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.236658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.451893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       239606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       107746                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 354658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          107401                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               107401                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          632                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 632                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                27404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       239606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       135150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  382062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1201                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       239606                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       135150                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 382062                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8927                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15738                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15738                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              15717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 54211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8927                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                54211                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24415652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8936149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    835468127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2639422472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3508242400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55389185                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     55389185                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1460266713                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1460266713                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24415652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8936149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    835468127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4099689185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4968509113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24415652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8936149                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    835468127                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4099689185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4968509113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       248533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             393152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       107401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           107401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16370                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16370                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        43121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            43121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       248533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       180077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              436273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       248533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       180077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             436273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.040999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.213280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.097911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961393                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.961393                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.364486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.040999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.124259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.040999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.124259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93546.559387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93084.885417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.901871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90360.235262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91137.382449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3519.455140                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3519.455140                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92910.015461                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92910.015461                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93546.559387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93084.885417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.901871                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91252.235515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91651.309015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93546.559387                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93084.885417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.901871                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91252.235515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91651.309015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10617                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10617                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        15738                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15738                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        15717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         15717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            54211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           54211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20762738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7591600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    709657348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2225403230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963414916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1184374151                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184374151                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1233853218                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233853218                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20762738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7591600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    709657348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3459256448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4197268134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20762738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7591600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    709657348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3459256448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4197268134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    766450404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    766450404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2306051036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2306051036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3072501440                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3072501440                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.040999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.213280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961393                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961393                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.040999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.124259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.040999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79550.720307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79079.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.614204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76186.348168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76983.813477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75255.696467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75255.696467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78504.372208                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78504.372208                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79550.720307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79079.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.614204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76997.272197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77424.657985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79550.720307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79079.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.614204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76997.272197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77424.657985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1686                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1156263                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13785440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1156775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.917132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13777011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13777011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13777011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13777011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13777011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13777011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1225970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1225970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1225970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1225970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1225970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1225970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18797758325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18797758325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18797758325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  18797758325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18797758325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  18797758325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15002981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15002981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15002981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15002981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15002981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15002981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15332.967630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15332.967630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15332.967630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15332.967630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15332.967630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15332.967630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       276810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39544.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        69701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        69701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        69701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        69701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        69701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1156269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1156269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1156269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1156269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1156269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1156269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13586804442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13586804442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13586804442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13586804442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13586804442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13586804442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11750.556697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11750.556697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11750.556697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11750.556697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11750.556697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11750.556697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        25943                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         11800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        25959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.454563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083943700000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        11358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        11358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        11358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        26146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        26146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        26146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    412664969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412664969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    412664969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    412664969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    412664969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    412664969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        37504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        37504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.697152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.697152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.697152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.697152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.697152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.697152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15783.101392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15783.101392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15783.101392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15783.101392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15783.101392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15783.101392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    331623892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331623892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    331623892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331623892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    331623892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331623892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.697152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.697152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.697152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12683.542110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12683.542110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12683.542110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12683.542110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12683.542110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12683.542110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       675779                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         39181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       675795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.057978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        38894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        38894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        38894                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676020                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       676020                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       676020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       676020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7691478627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7691478627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7691478627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7691478627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7691478627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7691478627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       714914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       714914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       714914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.945596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.945596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.945596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11377.590348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11377.590348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11377.590348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11377.590348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11377.590348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11377.590348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           30                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           30                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       676020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       676020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       676020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5621386602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621386602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5621386602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621386602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5621386602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621386602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8315.414636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8315.414636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8315.414636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8315.414636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8315.414636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8315.414636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                390410                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28170308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                390922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 72.061199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16860402                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16860402                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11250441                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11250441                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28110843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28110843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28110843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28110843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       638396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       638396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       142021                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142021                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       780417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        780417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       780417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       780417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28092501056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28092501056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5111801420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5111801420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33204302476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33204302476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33204302476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33204302476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17498798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17498798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11392462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11392462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28891260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28891260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28891260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28891260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44004.819980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44004.819980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35993.278600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35993.278600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42546.872346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42546.872346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42546.872346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42546.872346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       228754                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           228754                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       357867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       357867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       359225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       359225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       359225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       359225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       280529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       280529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       140663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       140663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       421192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       421192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       421192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       421192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7791701283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7791701283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4530431837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4530431837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12322133120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12322133120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12322133120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12322133120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    895251770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    895251770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2745678362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2745678362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3640930132                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3640930132                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27775.029615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27775.029615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32207.700938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32207.700938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29255.382628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29255.382628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29255.382628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29255.382628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               170196676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19272102                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19272102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2150230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15205449                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10981294                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     69555993                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87341347                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19272102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10981294                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30621344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        6972628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            250723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      48632932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       219309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        29333                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          153                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15002986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1187441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           8287                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    154025542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.147186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.585795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       123978861     80.49%     80.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3230936      2.10%     82.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1437253      0.93%     83.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2118686      1.38%     84.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2119856      1.38%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2212861      1.44%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2419200      1.57%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1887575      1.23%     90.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14620314      9.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    154025542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.113234                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.513179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        68467261                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51514682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28791775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       536069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4715755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173267294                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4715755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        70505304                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       18403501                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     29099658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27283050                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4018274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     168297319                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        18363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1029969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1770510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        23980                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    186692764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    417071519                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    406668281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10403238                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147774113                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38918643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1039060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1068418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12765982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21383191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13364611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1216181                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       580152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157561271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1203800                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        149935302                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       240312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24578262                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34427437                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       301090                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    154025542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.973444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.630903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     97720363     63.44%     63.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18494269     12.01%     75.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12641967      8.21%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9455302      6.14%     89.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6686434      4.34%     94.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4723242      3.07%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2998666      1.95%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1005141      0.65%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       300158      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    154025542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         318213     37.14%     37.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3834      0.45%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        331729     38.72%     76.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       202923     23.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2145121      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111786703     74.56%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3108567      2.07%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20325321     13.56%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12569590      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     149935302                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.880953                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             856699                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447798536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178244497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142770100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7419687                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5110195                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3626293                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     144938062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3708818                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2312961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3602391                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        30235                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16003                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1985823                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4715755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15640318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158765071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2706252                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21383191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13364611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1123832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         86873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         9680                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        16003                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       960638                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1383307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2343945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147473733                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19821335                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2461569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32211908                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15171066                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12390573                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.866490                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146609828                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146396393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96389297                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        156943037                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.860160                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614167                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26456371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902710                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2151976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    149383149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.884164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.829992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    105111786     70.36%     70.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15153597     10.14%     80.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9055751      6.06%     86.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7457723      4.99%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3644027      2.44%     94.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1871382      1.25%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1409570      0.94%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1384080      0.93%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4295233      2.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    149383149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66280455                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132079130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29159593                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17780798                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55310                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13872650                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128979195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4295233                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           303320980                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          321823781                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 606922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               16171134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180023754740                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66280455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132079130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66280455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.567826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.567826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.389434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.389434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       290857092                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157608430                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6336720                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3318344                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63962234                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1017016                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480958                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717929                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410936                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293859                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686365.086914                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124469008.913078                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
