
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  80062                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   142772                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43597520                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536280                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              296064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    270874416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1013806675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467236453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        249178165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    270874416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1262984839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1155                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.630033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615305000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.630033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.539377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.539377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207404856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207404856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208186856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    208186856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208186856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    208186856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180038.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180038.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177785.530316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1015000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10357.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    193532976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193532976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    194082776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194082776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    194082776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194082776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167997.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167997.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165741.055508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           18                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1562                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1440.302621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.792574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.871730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.598347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.916794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.726720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.811446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.453648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.788824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    927.164519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.970594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.226359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.351636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1611                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101530948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344701973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32776881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32776881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134307829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       377478854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7959440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3081820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232129765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134307829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      377478854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.447942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.050000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.813776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.464517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.464517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100129.140039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93162.695405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103071.952830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102748.843260                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100831.703453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.576512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92551.627907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90817.591941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100831.703453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93923.576512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      100                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95962852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324295037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31009695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31009695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126972547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355304732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7488954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2907120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    217936111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126972547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355304732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94637.921105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87932.493764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97514.764151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97514.764151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95324.734985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88693.143285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87080.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90847.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85264.519171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95324.734985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88693.143285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1789.652954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.521618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.282756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.080120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1197.593699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    525.174896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  100                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91306818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305050981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29683575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29683575                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120990393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       334734556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6981254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2720620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204042289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120990393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      334734556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              100                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.864824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.864824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98710.073514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96474.061037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95445.578778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95139.663462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97888.667476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.218768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102665.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104639.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95749.549038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97888.667476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96354.218768                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78395770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260906385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25259857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25259857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103655627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286166242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2360451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174113956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103655627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286166242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.861588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.833725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.929323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84752.183784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.423810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81221.405145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81221.405145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83863.775890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.109506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88767.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90786.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81705.282027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83863.775890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82683.109506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3655                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.768349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.124487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598735344000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.735456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.831579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4896                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4896                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    324225593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    324225593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66236.076200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66222.547590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    254294338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254294338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61025.759059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.959019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.913978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598751089300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.824007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.676500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.684939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4287695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40449.952830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39336.651376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3945226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3945226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37219.113208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2470                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.906770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.255870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620560300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.825493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.081277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2487                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36618144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36618144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14765.380645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.821472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28948458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28948458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11672.765323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1393                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.019532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.789663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.866950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.152582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.719048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.720741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17358                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17359                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215321667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215321667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37002295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37002295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252323962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252323962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252323962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252323962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78670.685787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78641.952885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87683.163507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87475.874704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79874.631846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79824.094274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79874.631846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79824.094274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110498011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110498011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34507018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145005029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145005029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145005029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145005029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3320575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3320575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10647659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10647659                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023057                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73812.966600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73812.966600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84163.458537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84163.458537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76038.295228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44014                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32847                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17905                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                209352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          450                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             57                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.859963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.329462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392935     86.59%     86.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2793      0.62%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2417      0.53%     87.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3373      0.74%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4989      1.10%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3735      0.82%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5792      1.28%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2770      0.61%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           34963      7.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050202                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        375106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54721                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        356604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          148                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       392914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       890958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       890816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          148980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1085                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1086                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36097                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        46785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295476                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       163629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          848                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.651162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.421748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343709     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36886      8.13%     83.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23508      5.18%     89.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18145      4.00%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12660      2.79%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9755      2.15%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6468      1.43%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2172      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          464      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            709     47.39%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           410     27.41%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     25.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3222      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227985     77.16%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41035     13.89%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23224      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295476                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337020                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1496                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           72                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           16                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             27                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17385                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          174                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9449                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20189                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1044                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        46785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           575                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          174                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       286886                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        38963                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29576                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22203                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327222                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281724                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           184936                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           294342                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321334                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628303                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.430231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359291     82.85%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27603      6.37%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13813      3.19%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11651      2.69%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6804      1.57%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3414      0.79%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1959      0.45%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2782      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6350      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117603                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47228                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29400                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23993                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214531                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              761546                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             689071                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.455014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.455014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556982                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307502                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               25                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125636                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.062248                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2062247835519                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9661310989029                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21009                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36683                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21577825                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5053956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95572.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007896436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3505894624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1503232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4299520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       808192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61113344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    312424384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           380152256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61113344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61113344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    174065728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        174065728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       954896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4881631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5939879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2719777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2719777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       728929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2084871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29634335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    151497011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              184338783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29634335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29634335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         84405824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              84405824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         84405824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       728929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2084871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29634335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    151497011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             268744607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23916                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.977418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         35                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.818661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.158757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.988666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.009922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23558                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23854                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1943598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17112598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4201864064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4207412064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4217033064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7491598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4224524662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4217033064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7491598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4224524662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.969048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41445.355191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47404.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42045.695332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178894.076294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79257.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178598.016130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176785.154020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67491.873874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176278.934363                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176785.154020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67491.873874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176278.934363                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28914500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2719                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10634.240530                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23534                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23534                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10689200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1434700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12123900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3918882832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4691100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3923573932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3929572032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6125800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3935697832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3929572032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6125800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3935697832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29205.464481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34992.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29788.452088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166846.169619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 67015.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166549.534426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164734.301668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55187.387387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164226.907240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164734.301668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55187.387387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164226.907240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28839065                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3011.736870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        77995839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28842787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.704171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          686.299724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.420044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.686522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    673.828012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1501.502426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.167554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.164509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.366578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.735287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30769557                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2331830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10327225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     19624925                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               63053537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20120511                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20120511                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1468042                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1468042                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4978387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4978387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30769557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2331830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10327225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24603312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                68031924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30769557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2331830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10327225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24603312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               68031924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1164276                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7488068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14610077                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23658992                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22209                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             22209                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4399042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            4399042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1164276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7488068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19009119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28058034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1164276                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7488068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19009119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28058034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30649394536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9709441466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 239550546270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 547074270711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   826983652983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    207517446                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    207517446                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 264090037833                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 264090037833                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30649394536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9709441466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 239550546270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 811164308544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1091073690816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30649394536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9709441466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 239550546270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 811164308544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1091073690816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31933833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2728401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17815293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     34235002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           86712529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20120513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20120513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1490251                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1490251                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9377429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9377429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31933833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2728401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17815293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43612431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            96089958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31933833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2728401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     17815293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43612431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           96089958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.420317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.272844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.014903                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.469110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.420317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.291998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.420317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.291998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26324.852987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24483.488369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31990.968334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37444.995718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34954.306294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9343.844658                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9343.844658                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60033.534082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60033.534082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26324.852987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24483.488369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31990.968334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42672.377849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38886.320076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26324.852987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24483.488369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31990.968334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42672.377849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38886.320076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9332031                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9332031                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               796                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1163938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7488062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14610026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23658196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22209                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22209                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4399042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       4399042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1163938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7488062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19009068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28057238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1163938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7488062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19009068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28057238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24335070496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7504867438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 197093740306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 465385344213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 694319022453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    944483046                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    944483046                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 239530310465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 239530310465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24335070496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7504867438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 197093740306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704915654678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 933849332918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24335070496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7504867438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 197093740306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704915654678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 933849332918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102837265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102837265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    236510622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    236510622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    339347887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    339347887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.420317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.420317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.291989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.420317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20907.531583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18943.553116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26321.061485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31853.834087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29347.927562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42527.040659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42527.040659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54450.562296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54450.562296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20907.531583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18943.553116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26321.061485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37083.125521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33283.722828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20907.531583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18943.553116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26321.061485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37083.125521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33283.722828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5890034                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32327.546680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27074659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5922800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.571260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8003502030076                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11441.054677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.113309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.348003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   531.385980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   133.476988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6424.863467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13796.295985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.349153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.196071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.421030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1096758                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6533165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11841051                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19854516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9332033                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9332033                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14816                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2286023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2286023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1096758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6533165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14127074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22140539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1096758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6533165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14127074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22140539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954897                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2768975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3803680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7532                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7532                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2112880                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2112880                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4881855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5916560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4881855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5916560                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6263086962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1195820210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89199217667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 259101640987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   355759765826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70498212                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     70498212                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 196154250947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 196154250947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6263086962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1195820210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89199217667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455255891934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    551914016773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6263086962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1195820210                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89199217667                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455255891934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   551914016773                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1163938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7488062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14610026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23658196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9332033                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9332033                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22348                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22348                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4398903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4398903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1163938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7488062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19008929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28057099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1163938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       396170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7488062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19008929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28057099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.160776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337032                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.337032                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.480320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.210876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.210876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93228.445400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94695.930472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93412.397009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93573.123985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93530.414185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9359.826341                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9359.826341                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92837.383546                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92837.383546                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93228.445400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94695.930472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93412.397009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93254.693540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.923992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93228.445400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94695.930472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93412.397009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93254.693540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.923992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2696243                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2696243                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2768975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3803680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7532                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7532                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2112880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2112880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4881855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5916560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       954897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4881855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5916560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5320641203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1019293100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75733112654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220094086059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302167133016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    589744223                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    589744223                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165853816299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165853816299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5320641203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1019293100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75733112654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385947902358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 468020949315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5320641203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1019293100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75733112654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 385947902358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 468020949315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91811641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91811641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    207711093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    207711093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    299522734                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299522734                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337032                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337032                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.480320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.210876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.057718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79199.779741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80716.906874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79310.242522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79485.761359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79440.734503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78298.489511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78298.489511                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78496.562180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78496.562180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79199.779741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80716.906874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79310.242522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79057.633289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79103.558371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79199.779741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80716.906874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79310.242522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79057.633289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79103.558371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9496                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2700                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6796                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              9                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  12                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              17815388                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               489046699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              17815900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 27.450014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    489040954                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      489040954                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    489040954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       489040954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    489040954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      489040954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     19245737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      19245737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     19245737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 482415504669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 482415504669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 482415504669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 482415504669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 482415504669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 482415504669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    508286691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    508286691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    508286691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    508286691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    508286691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    508286691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25066.096698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25066.096698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25066.096698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25066.096698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25066.096698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25066.096698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9938768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41239.701245                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1430260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1430260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1430260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1430260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1430260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1430260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17815477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17815477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17815477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17815477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     17815477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17815477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 375250357756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 375250357756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 375250357756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 375250357756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 375250357756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 375250357756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21063.166468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21063.166468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21063.166468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21063.166468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21063.166468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21063.166468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2729480                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9383110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2729496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.437671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9382921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9382921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9382921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9382921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9382921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9382921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2729682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2729682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2729682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2729682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2729682                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2729682                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  45969987701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45969987701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  45969987701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45969987701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  45969987701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45969987701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12112603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12112603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12112603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12112603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12112603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12112603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.785008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.785008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.785008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.785008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.785008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.785008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3252                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3252                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2729682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2729682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2729682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2729682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2729682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2729682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  37306932905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37306932905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  37306932905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37306932905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  37306932905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37306932905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13667.135185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13667.135185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13667.135185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13667.135185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13667.135185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13667.135185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31964136                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61414407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31964152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.921353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61413926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61413926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61413926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61413926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61413926                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61413926                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31973021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31973021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31973021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31973021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31973021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31973021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409076023017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 409076023017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409076023017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 409076023017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 409076023017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 409076023017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93386947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93386947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93386947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     93386947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93386947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     93386947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12794.412609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12794.412609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12794.412609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12794.412609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12794.412609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12794.412609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       679479                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       679479                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31973021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31973021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31973021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31973021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31973021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31973021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 308767174849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 308767174849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 308767174849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 308767174849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 308767174849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 308767174849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9657.116068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9657.116068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9657.116068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9657.116068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9657.116068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9657.116068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              43612027                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               986244133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              43612539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.613775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    724705731                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      724705731                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    259818225                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     259818225                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984523956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984523956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984523956                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984523956                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     53944798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     53944798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10895610                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10895610                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     64840408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      64840408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     64840408                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     64840408                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1636921284158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1636921284158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393776698179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 393776698179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2030697982337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2030697982337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2030697982337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2030697982337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    778650529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    778650529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    270713835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    270713835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1049364364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1049364364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1049364364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1049364364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30344.376934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30344.376934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36140.858399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36140.858399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31318.402289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31318.402289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31318.402289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31318.402289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     19437782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         19437782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19698421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     19698421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        48489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19746910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19746910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19746910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19746910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     34246377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     34246377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10847121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10847121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45093498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     45093498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     45093498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     45093498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 799994706416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 799994706416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 352514540432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 352514540432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1152509246848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1152509246848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1152509246848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1152509246848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107228124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107228124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    247463494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    247463494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    354691618                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    354691618                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23359.980719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23359.980719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32498.442714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32498.442714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25558.213445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25558.213445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25558.213445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25558.213445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6192936443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       597982616                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    597982616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63673561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    434314012                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       349732106                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2015744970                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3290311691                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          597982616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    349732106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            977292140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      341541587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          89757331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1934627486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       101511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1918216                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2761                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        508286911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31706160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1298933                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5295649685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.092950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.537556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4334799685     81.86%     81.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59563950      1.12%     82.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59334255      1.12%     84.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        87000729      1.64%     85.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        65964631      1.25%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80409056      1.52%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59606368      1.13%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66665820      1.26%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       482305191      9.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5295649685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.531301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2090047306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1990524468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        900385956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38486685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     276205270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5653440958                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2415                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     276205270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2173134147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1600086848                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     53427707                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        848886586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    343909127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5496257656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3245396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      59344016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    264229941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2048499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6147443049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13854137632                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13809214156                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44923476                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3955058978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2192384145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3172457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3173079                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        747604347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1064420761                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    429665625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     71594211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     46629760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5257444875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5576925                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4585300836                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10228612                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1702112076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2551401996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2261110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5295649685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.865862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.494418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3427162712     64.72%     64.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    678266391     12.81%     77.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    469985792      8.87%     86.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    288092106      5.44%     91.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    198441813      3.75%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129450736      2.44%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     73041060      1.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26153349      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5055726      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5295649685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6425580     29.97%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        28907      0.13%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8971914     41.85%     71.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6011040     28.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31562496      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3294765666     71.85%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6952047      0.15%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    899946278     19.63%     92.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    352074349      7.68%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4585300836                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.740408                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21437441                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14495638559                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6942594700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4438312083                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27125375                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23387610                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12532655                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4561663204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13512577                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     97957348                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    365078298                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       793870                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       887546                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    158955274                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       220446                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     276205270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1138834530                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     24525755                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5263021800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29744539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1064420761                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    429665625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5153260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9607572                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2956000                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       887546                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43709743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24792196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     68501939                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4513460554                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    876914894                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     71840282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1222457082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       434450936                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         345542188                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.728808                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4464495637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4450844738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3113775622                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4831229657                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.718697                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644510                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1774799462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3315815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63885240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5020125475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.695371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.750031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3939125214     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    372191502      7.41%     85.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    167049073      3.33%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    204205352      4.07%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76051312      1.51%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44646785      0.89%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33627095      0.67%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23089802      0.46%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160139340      3.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5020125475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999763024                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3490850781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970052827                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            699342472                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367810941                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9888818                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3469202984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160139340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10124816485                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10808596116                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               18783724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              897286758                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999763024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3490850781                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999763024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.096835                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.096835                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.322910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.322910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8754801751                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4942027275                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11977740                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9142847                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2172733314                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3023925                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74278544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12506549                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87043277                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74278544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74278544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9067359                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10301623                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9284818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1946733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11263596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1220949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1240270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        84999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        37854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           36018243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6064523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              42207961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      36018243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         36018243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       597841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4396833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4995337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       599009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        84999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        37854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          36018243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10461356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             47203298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9496                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6796                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2700                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             9                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 14                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6181367602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7061035                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13143473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13089063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1026033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13089063                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          33959908                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15033837                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3174894                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1951147                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1223747                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6166025942.867397                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15341659.132603                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002482                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997518                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
