
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 177501                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   315892                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               97768895                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529528                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        942384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       123968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       123968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425028230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228203077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              972935040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425028230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         425686508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425028230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228203077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1278376081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.525342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367483000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.525342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.595334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.595334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248133824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248133824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249092824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249092824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249092824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249092824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43590.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43590.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176231.409091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176231.409091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174190.786014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1624400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 153                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10616.993464                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       679600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       679600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231168692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231168692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231848292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231848292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231848292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231848292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30890.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30890.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164182.309659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164182.309659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162131.672727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162131.672727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162131.672727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162131.672727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           107                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1841.949603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.177570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           72.433915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.295937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.300208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1229.899951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    501.776209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.449695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2364                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          540                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5145                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             530                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  530                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2364                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2139                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3154117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201851837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85686532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291319019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24076796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24076796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3154117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201851837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109763328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315395815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3154117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626533                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201851837                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109763328                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315395815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          530                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              530                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.354049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.735016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.736677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.368783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.368783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105137.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104422.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102985.631122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105395.488315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103304.616667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103333.888412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102454.451064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105137.233333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104422.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102985.631122                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104936.260038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103239.219313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105137.233333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104422.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102985.631122                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104936.260038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103239.219313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        4                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2990617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191036218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81232320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275852688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22785196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22785196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2990617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191036218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104017516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298637884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2990617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191036218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104017516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298637884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11326864                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11326864                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.735016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99687.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98922.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97467.458163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99916.752768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98203.164115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97790.540773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97790.540773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99687.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98922.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97467.458163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99443.131931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98171.559500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99687.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98922.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97467.458163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99443.131931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98171.559500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1806.631607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.613437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.439677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1248.305928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    518.028933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    4                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3026                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2885717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184114207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78346929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265919986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21818860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21818860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2885717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184114207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100165789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287738846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2885717                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184114207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100165789                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287738846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                4                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96190.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95522.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95051.216830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96844.164400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95209.447189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94453.939394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93643.175966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96190.566667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95522.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95051.216830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96313.258654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95088.845340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96190.566667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95522.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95051.216830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96313.258654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95088.845340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2470217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156909670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67034460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226903392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18536961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18536961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2470217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156909670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85571421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245440353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2470217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156909670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85571421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245440353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82340.566667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81507.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81006.541043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82860.889988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81561.248023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80246.584416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80246.584416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82340.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81507.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81006.541043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82280.212500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81460.455692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82340.566667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81507.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81006.541043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82280.212500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81460.455692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3589                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.243406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.567289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001488712000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.376683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.866722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.855208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4785                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293521926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293521926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293521926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293521926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293521926                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293521926                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61380.578419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61342.095298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61380.578419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61342.095298                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61380.578419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61342.095298                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228026452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228026452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228026452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228026452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228026452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228026452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55629.776043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55629.776043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55629.776043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55629.776043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55629.776043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55629.776043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           95                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.450585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           95                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.257728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.192857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2018617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2018617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2018617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2018617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2018617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2018617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19224.923810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18690.898148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19224.923810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18690.898148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19224.923810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18690.898148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1692214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1692214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1692214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1692214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1692214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1692214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16116.323810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16116.323810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16116.323810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16116.323810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16116.323810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16116.323810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2385                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.866252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.075052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.820371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32592354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32592354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32592354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32592354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32592354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32592354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.889959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.889959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.889959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13602.818865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13568.840133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13602.818865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13568.840133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13602.818865                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13568.840133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25236127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25236127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25236127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25236127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25236127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25236127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.889714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10532.607262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10532.607262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10532.607262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10532.607262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10532.607262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10532.607262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1182                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               360.967806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   27990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.680203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.848149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   359.119658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.701406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.705015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29268                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15584                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15587                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44852                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2882                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2886                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    195295133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195295133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27721862                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27721862                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223016995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223016995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223016995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223016995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020917                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76556.304586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76496.330983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83751.848943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83248.834835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77382.718598                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77275.466043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77382.718598                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77275.466043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94762463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94762463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25552474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25552474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120314937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120314937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120314937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120314937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11781372                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11781372                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69987.048006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69987.048006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80353.691824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80353.691824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71958.694378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71958.694378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71958.694378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71958.694378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41369                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6391                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31241                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16435                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                196028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16435                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58046                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        148043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           38                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          448                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             40                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.898125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.373689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          349753     86.02%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2769      0.68%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2030      0.50%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2867      0.71%     87.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4623      1.14%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4088      1.01%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5439      1.34%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2173      0.53%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32873      8.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.251756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          177308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       155955                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        351289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          84765                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        333959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          148                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       369576                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       831839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       831749                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       231548                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          138028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          974                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          981                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            310714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277366                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          794                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.682134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.447242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       303599     74.66%     74.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34362      8.45%     83.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21418      5.27%     88.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17528      4.31%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12182      3.00%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9148      2.25%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5944      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2020      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          414      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            676     47.67%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           392     27.64%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          350     24.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3016      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215345     77.64%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38108     13.74%     92.47% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20887      7.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277366                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.356217                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1418                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005112                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       965234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       412989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       264764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        275754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15583                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8358                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          72398                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       312346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1243                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6291                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       269744                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36267                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27897                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19902                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.346428                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               264773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           174743                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277388                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340044                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629959                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108470                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          838                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.480629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       319827     82.41%     82.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24661      6.35%     88.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12608      3.25%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10495      2.70%     94.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6292      1.62%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3458      0.89%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1800      0.46%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2481      0.64%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6482      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111201                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        203843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43296                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27336                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22721                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           201989                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              693796                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             643322                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 372029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97209                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               203843                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.002131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.002131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.142814                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.142814                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          524113                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291218                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116712                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           676                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92995049196                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15094828013382                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48200                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88027                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52405233                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1774.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    85531974                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     156207009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1974208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       121984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        85888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5584000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18269248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26115584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5584000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5584000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10192256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10192256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        87250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       285457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               408056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         159254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              159254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     21229173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              863014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1311726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       923576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60046207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    196453985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              280827681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60046207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60046207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        109599985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             109599985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        109599985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     21229173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             863014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1311726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       923576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60046207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    196453985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             390427666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48688                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.889083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.892334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.996749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.305771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.624797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           243                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              243                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16220                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1516                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32556                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17736                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20970000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1782574425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1803544425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5470895120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    126172000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5597067120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5491865120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1908746425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7400611545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5491865120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1908746425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7400611545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43237.113402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109899.779593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107964.347501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176253.064433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83226.912929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171921.216366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174206.665186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107619.893155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150232.669759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174206.665186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107619.893155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150232.669759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     53065801                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10016.194979                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32186                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32186                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14864400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1587330380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1602194780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5096829144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    107632200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5204461344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5111693544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1694962580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806656124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5111693544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1694962580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806656124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861853                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992591                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30648.247423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97862.538841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95911.091290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164201.969845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 70997.493404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159861.817914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162147.297193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95566.225756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138175.354215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162147.297193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95566.225756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138175.354215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1146975                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4040.353316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2498906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1150989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.171095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15022964434000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          940.059409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.243676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.249652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.128085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.033635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.848287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.938906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1593.293736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1390.557929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.229507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.388988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       369451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47468                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       605044                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       777509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1799472                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          859844                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               859844                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        67725                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                67725                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       369451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       605044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       845234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1867197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       369451                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47468                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       605044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       845234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1867197                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       505788                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       441943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               976331                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3928                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3928                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       164621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             164621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       505788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       606564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1140952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10819                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       505788                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       606564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1140952                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    556844100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    350198625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18297535836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25012875548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    44217454109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201387419                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    201387419                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13096952553                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13096952553                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    556844100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    350198625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18297535836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38109828101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     57314406662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    556844100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    350198625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18297535836                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38109828101                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    57314406662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1110832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1219452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2775803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       859844                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           859844                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36068                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       232346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           232346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1110832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1451798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3008149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1110832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1451798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3008149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.362411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.351729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.108905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.708517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.379287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.379287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31316.804454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32368.853406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36176.294882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56597.514946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45289.409134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51269.709521                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51269.709521                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79558.212822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79558.212822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31316.804454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32368.853406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36176.294882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62829.030574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50233.845650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 31316.804454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32368.853406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36176.294882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62829.030574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50233.845650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              291062                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   291062                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       505783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       441942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          976295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       164621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        164621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       505783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       606563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1140916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       505783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       606563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1140916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    459635408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    290322524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15440758267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22572030263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38762746462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289467459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289467459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12180522235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12180522235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    459635408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    290322524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15440758267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34752552498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50943268697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    459635408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    290322524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15440758267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34752552498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50943268697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    187557295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    187557295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    302929237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    302929237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    490486532                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    490486532                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.362410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108905                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108905                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.185256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25862.897142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26886.694203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30528.424773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51074.643874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39703.928077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73693.344959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73693.344959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73991.302659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73991.302659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25862.897142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26886.694203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30528.424773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57294.217580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44651.200173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25862.897142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26886.694203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30528.424773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57294.217580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44651.200173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        349025                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30546.688619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          890792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        381106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.337386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8028.815098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.566237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.587894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.998040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.285714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   171.267294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   111.737143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9232.055774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13000.375424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.245020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.281740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.396740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.932211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15866                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       418530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       257349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 701201                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          291062                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               291062                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          878                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 878                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        48252                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                48252                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       418530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       305601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  749453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15866                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       418530                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       305601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 749453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       184593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               275094                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114930                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             114930                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       299523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                390024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       299523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               390024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    178722472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    125816024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8160933054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17225807003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    25691278553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99434822                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     99434822                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10865994227                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10865994227                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    178722472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    125816024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8160933054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28091801230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     36557272780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    178722472                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    125816024                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8160933054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28091801230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    36557272780                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       505783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       441942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             976295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       291062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           291062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       163182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           163182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       505783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       605124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1139477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       505783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       605124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1139477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.124282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.281773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836408                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.836408                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.704306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.704306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.124282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.342283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.124282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.342283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93768.348374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93752.625931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.833335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93317.769379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93390.908391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22150.773446                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22150.773446                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94544.455121                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94544.455121                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93768.348374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93752.625931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.833335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93788.461086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93730.828821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93768.348374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93752.625931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.833335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93788.461086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93730.828821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              127069                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   127069                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       184593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          275094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114930                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114930                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           390024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        87253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          390024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    151994658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    106964282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6931536201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14628969354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21819464495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336250535                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    336250535                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9235092572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9235092572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    151994658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    106964282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6931536201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23864061926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31054557067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    151994658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    106964282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6931536201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23864061926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31054557067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    165441505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    165441505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    267765882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    267765882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    433207387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    433207387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836408                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836408                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.704306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.704306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.107247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.172511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79745.360965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.128167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79441.809462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79249.859713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79316.395468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74905.443306                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74905.443306                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80354.063969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80354.063969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79745.360965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.128167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79441.809462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79673.554038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79622.169577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79745.360965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79705.128167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79441.809462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79673.554038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79622.169577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031231                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        761                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                91319184                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1200                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061529                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12904                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 88712766                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2606418                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8183                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4721                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 286                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1110832                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                10937802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1111344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.841959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10932859                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10932859                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10932859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        10932859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10932859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       10932859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1242511                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1242511                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1242511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1242511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1242511                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1242511                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33069116765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33069116765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33069116765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33069116765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33069116765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33069116765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12175370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12175370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12175370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26614.747688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26614.747688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26614.747688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26614.747688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26614.747688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26614.747688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4221845                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33774.760000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       131675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1110836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1110836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1110836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1110836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1110836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1110836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24765560519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24765560519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24765560519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24765560519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24765560519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24765560519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.091236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22294.524591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22294.524591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22294.524591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22294.524591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22294.524591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22294.524591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59785                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.652222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        311674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.211940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002269329300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.652222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.978264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.978264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311240                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       311240                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       311240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       311240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62928                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62928                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62928                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62928                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1049899785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1049899785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1049899785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1049899785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1049899785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1049899785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       374168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       374168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       374168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       374168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       374168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       374168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16684.143545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16684.143545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16684.143545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16684.143545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16684.143545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16684.143545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6159                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    844661614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844661614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    844661614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    844661614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    844661614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    844661614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13422.667398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13422.667398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13422.667398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13422.667398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13422.667398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13422.667398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       396580                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.857462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1707928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       396596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.306468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.857462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1707144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1707144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1707144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1707144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1707144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1707144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       399743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       399743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399743                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       399743                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5884510845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5884510845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5884510845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5884510845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5884510845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5884510845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2106887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2106887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2106887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2106887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2106887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2106887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14720.735185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14720.735185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14720.735185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14720.735185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14720.735185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14720.735185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       124790                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       124790                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4597903192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4597903192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4597903192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4597903192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4597903192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4597903192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11502.148110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11502.148110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11502.148110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11502.148110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11502.148110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11502.148110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1452894                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.650876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21860800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1453406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.041083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.650876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14088315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14088315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7726673                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7726673                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21814988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21814988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21814988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21814988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2072642                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2072642                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       270660                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       270660                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2343302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2343302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2343302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2343302                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85863574959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85863574959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15716424697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15716424697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101579999656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 101579999656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101579999656                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 101579999656                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16160957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16160957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7997333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7997333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24158290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24158290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24158290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24158290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41427.113297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41427.113297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58067.038709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58067.038709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43349.085886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43349.085886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43349.085886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43349.085886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       728895                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           728895                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       850672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       850672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       853734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       853734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       853734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       853734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1221970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1221970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       267598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       267598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1489568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1489568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1489568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1489568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36006456819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36006456819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14630301415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14630301415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50636758234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50636758234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50636758234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50636758234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    196033194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    196033194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    315217418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    315217418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    511250612                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    511250612                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29465.908999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29465.908999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54672.685951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54672.685951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33994.257553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33994.257553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33994.257553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33994.257553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               225177775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17123961                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17123961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1857599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13180782                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9354469                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     58979397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              79467374                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17123961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9354469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             24975926                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7639959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1889237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      88778335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        19550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       282255                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          984                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12175464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1163529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27316                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    180562769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.804285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.225285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       156410716     86.62%     86.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1417293      0.78%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1447632      0.80%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2169876      1.20%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2104917      1.17%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1678411      0.93%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1700732      0.94%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1679836      0.93%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        11953356      6.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    180562769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076046                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.352909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61463629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     89969033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22135285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1357737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5637085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     141343016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          407                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5637085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        63580308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       68483834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12477124                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21209746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9174672                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     137067263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       132351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2636075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5530536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       196233                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    154490804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    357077818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    355440488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1637330                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    111448913                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43041869                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       382999                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       383280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         19924718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22419604                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10596159                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3041582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1869171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         131113394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       466731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        119716375                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       362073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     31731437                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     49918696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       156872                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    180562769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.663018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    129252413     71.58%     71.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19726151     10.92%     82.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13619979      7.54%     90.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7376097      4.09%     94.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5343031      2.96%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2930108      1.62%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1694118      0.94%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       532373      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        88499      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    180562769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         263921     44.62%     44.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     44.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     44.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6276      1.06%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        214449     36.26%     81.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       106801     18.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       842160      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88282740     73.74%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       422097      0.35%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20455853     17.09%     91.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9713525      8.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     119716375                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.531653                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             591447                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    420465910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162508376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115867333                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1089451                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       874456                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504578                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     118922941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542721                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3770526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5621130                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32304                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        75884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2597812                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21212                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5637085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       50759067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       744140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    131580125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1201109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22419604                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10596159                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       441860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        342774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        25652                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        75884                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       899625                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2044620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117701359                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19939950                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2015016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29474140                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        12986457                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9534190                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.522704                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             116607199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            116371911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         79096348                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        128423736                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.516800                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.615901                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     33783780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       309859                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1893189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174969562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.558890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.598476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    143504178     82.02%     82.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12614538      7.21%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4450673      2.54%     91.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5023698      2.87%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2077145      1.19%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1161123      0.66%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627353      0.36%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       763316      0.44%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4747538      2.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174969562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54226031                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      97788807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              24796806                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16798469                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9449                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11477430                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399779                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         97265211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4747538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301666064                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          268809336                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 879093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               44615006                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            54086390                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           54226031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             97788807                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     54226031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.152577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.152577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.240814                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.240814                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       239317646                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      129339921                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           834781                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          435813                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57042645                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        357907                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52378                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2131712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       394896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       319956728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52348812                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          374899766                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    319956728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     319956728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053311                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36430848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45336191                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       266464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        49362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         39994591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8254872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48569418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5004783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5145149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       163880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             563234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22922855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4246420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3440578082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          562920418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4031394889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3440578082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3440578082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     84434946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11326528                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         391750403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            487511877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     84598826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11889762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22922855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4246420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3440578082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         954670821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4518906766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031231                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       761                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  761                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               91319184                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1200                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061529                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12904                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2606418                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                88712766                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4721                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8183                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                424                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      279264964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30238197                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56527755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56089294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380895                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4677211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56089294                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380895                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145273095                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63553297                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636969                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13252980                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8255652                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4997328                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             212976509.349172                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66288454.650828                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.237368                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.762632                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
