
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69651                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   125101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36745975                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549634                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              243520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241456073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              839799230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433252533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        152068770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241456073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             991868000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      700                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.249468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064529000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.249468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125404912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    125404912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125912912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    125912912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125912912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    125912912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178131.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178131.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175856.022346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       805400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10738.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       361200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       361200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    116925492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116925492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    117286692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117286692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    117286692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117286692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166087.346591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166087.346591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163808.229050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           11                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        45056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           11                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1340                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1348.878938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           76.805213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.443511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.395812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.564700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.211484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.036363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    892.041914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    351.379954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.329316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1614                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4626                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       894754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213443637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88774846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306488204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28786487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28786487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       894754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213443637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117561333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       335274691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374967                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       894754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213443637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117561333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      335274691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.667875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.426680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.055556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.784153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.784153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.442449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.442449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76703.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74562.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89009.022936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96389.626493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90569.800236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100301.348432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100301.348432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76703.795455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74562.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89009.022936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97318.984272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91330.615908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76703.795455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74562.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89009.022936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97318.984272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91330.615908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  89                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       89                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3134571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       827529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200128685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83724514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287815299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27191606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27191606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3134571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       827529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200128685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110916120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315006905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3134571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       827529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200128685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110916120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    315006905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.667875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.784153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.441364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.087591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71240.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68960.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83456.499166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90906.095548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85278.607111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94744.271777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94744.271777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71240.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68960.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83456.499166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91817.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86020.454670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71240.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 68960.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83456.499166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91817.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86020.454670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1665.900916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.242223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.674466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.959654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1133.246644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    482.778006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              89                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   89                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186607931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79159799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269313290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25940134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25940134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186607931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105099933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295253424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186607931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105099933                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295253424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.834811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.845189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.845189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95159.577257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96772.370416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95332.138053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93985.992754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93985.992754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95159.577257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96069.408592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95212.326346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95159.577257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96069.408592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95212.326346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159050775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67739879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229821951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21999886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21999886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159050775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89739765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251821837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2402475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159050775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89739765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251821837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82843.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81106.973483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82811.588020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81612.908736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79709.731884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79709.731884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82843.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81106.973483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82029.035649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81443.026197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82843.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81106.973483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82029.035649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81443.026197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3502                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.449183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.855511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971193650000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.432823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   418.016360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.816438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.817284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4674                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4674                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298949511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298949511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298949511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298949511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298949511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298949511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63987.480950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.100770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63987.480950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.100770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63987.480950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.100770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          660                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234864397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234864397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234864397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234864397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234864397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234864397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58540.477817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58540.477817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58540.477817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          129                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.584159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.527132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.123675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.460483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.007730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.591280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2564061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2564061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2564061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2564061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2564061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2564061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18715.773723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.721429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18715.773723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.721429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18715.773723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18314.721429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2130335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2130335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2130335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2130335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.337438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15549.890511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.890511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.890511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2382                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.334634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.109152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.270102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30974364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30974364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30974364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30974364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30974364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30974364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12932.928601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.748957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12932.928601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.748957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12932.928601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.748957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23582762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23582762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23582762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23582762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23582762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23582762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9846.664718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9846.664718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9846.664718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1245                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               352.545663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 28.905221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.154959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   352.390704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.688263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.688566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20682                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20682                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3070                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209898248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209898248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32756283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32756283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242654531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242654531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242654531                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242654531                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78554.733533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78525.345305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82302.218593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82302.218593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.563844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79014.826115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.563844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79014.826115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96527072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96527072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30259605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30259605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126786677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126786677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126786677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126786677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652526                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652526                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018216                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69997.876722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69997.876722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78801.054688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78801.054688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71915.301758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  837207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49063                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49063                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35121                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21507                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228658                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21507                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          563                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       460888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.947126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.423732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392547     85.17%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3064      0.66%     85.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2779      0.60%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3846      0.83%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6162      1.34%     88.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4123      0.89%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6280      1.36%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3280      0.71%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38807      8.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       460888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.273120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198122                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        420061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58922                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        399091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       438453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       999290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       999200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49932                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335299                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       157280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1038                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       460888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.727506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.495774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       338059     73.35%     73.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39995      8.68%     82.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26135      5.67%     87.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        20012      4.34%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14995      3.25%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10690      2.32%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7936      1.72%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2576      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          490      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       460888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            862     50.59%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           432     25.35%     75.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          410     24.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4103      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259478     77.39%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45083     13.45%     92.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26625      7.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335299                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.400497                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1704                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005082                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1135586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       482248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319957                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16760                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9276                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          906                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       372051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49932                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6703                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325456                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42818                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33819                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25571                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.388740                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208813                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340051                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.382183                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614064                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       440626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.574496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.538489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355553     80.69%     80.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30430      6.91%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16330      3.71%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13229      3.00%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8112      1.84%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3475      0.79%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2324      0.53%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2790      0.63%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8383      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       440626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133825                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54294                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33169                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27929                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              804099                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             764755                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 376319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1767                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.255984                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.255984                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.159847                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.159847                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          645653                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349263                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140088                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003771                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003771212992                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975273991401                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35672                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    67340                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1565765562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4564848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12775.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   455731760                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     860316979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2541056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        27456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       547584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7647296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            11831808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       547584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         547584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8822144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8822144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             39704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       119489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               184872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         137846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              137846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              127029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        27374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       382293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 591479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        27374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             27374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           441024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                441024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           441024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             127029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        27374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       382293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1032503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    91878                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.853359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      39951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    91893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.434756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.787185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.924199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4281                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4281                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        67738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           67998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        73976                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          90616                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        141714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           158614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       141714                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          158614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2745515950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2756609950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2924891920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4976906000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7901797920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2935985920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7722421950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10658407870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2935985920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7722421950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10658407870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        78458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         78718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        78257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       156715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       156715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.945296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.913596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.913596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42669.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40531.399658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40539.573958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175774.754808                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67277.306153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87200.912863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173726.977515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54493.006690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67197.144451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173726.977515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54493.006690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67197.144451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21370500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11440.310493                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56882                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56882                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        67738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        73976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        90616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       141714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       158614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       141714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       158614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7899500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1901426119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1909325619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2724343292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4063715403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6788058695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2732242792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5965141522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8697384314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2732242792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5965141522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8697384314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.945296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954888                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.904278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30382.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28070.302031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28079.143784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163722.553606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54932.889086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74910.155988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161671.171124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42092.817379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54833.648442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161671.171124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42092.817379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54833.648442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       3248702                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2949.132123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        16739007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       3251820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.147581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          698.221918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.058152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.543607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1723.098763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    487.209569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.170464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.420678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.118948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.720003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2597964                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       236433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9581081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2188419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               14603897                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2652788                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2652788                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       200291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              200291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       514169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               514169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2597964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       236433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9581081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2702588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                15118066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2597964                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       236433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9581081                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2702588                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               15118066                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36931                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9391                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1896189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       792694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              2735205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             39633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       370266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             370266                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1896189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1162960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               3105471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36931                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9391                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1896189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1162960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              3105471                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    842663766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    217987344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  41602152041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21243639234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    63906442385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1047479679                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1047479679                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18375427401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  18375427401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    842663766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    217987344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  41602152041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39619066635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     82281869786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    842663766                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    217987344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  41602152041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39619066635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    82281869786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2634895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       245824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11477270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2981113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17339102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2652791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2652791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       239924                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          239924                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       884435                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           884435                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2634895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       245824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11477270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3865548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18223537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2634895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       245824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11477270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3865548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18223537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.157748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165190                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.165190                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.418647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22817.247461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23212.367586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21939.876268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26799.293591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23364.406831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26429.482477                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26429.482477                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49627.639051                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49627.639051                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22817.247461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23212.367586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21939.876268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34067.437087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26495.777866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22817.247461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23212.367586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21939.876268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34067.437087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26495.777866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              767005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   767005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1896171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       792677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2735132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        39633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       370266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        370266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1896171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1162943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          3105398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1896171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1162943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         3105398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    643996665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166105565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30798411887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16840311029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48448825146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1911732788                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1911732788                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16297676750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16297676750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    643996665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166105565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30798411887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33137987779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64746501896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    643996665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166105565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30798411887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33137987779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64746501896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4514742757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4514742757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8719898063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8719898063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13234640820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13234640820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.157744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165190                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165190                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.170406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17448.228481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17717.926933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16242.423224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21244.858914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17713.523569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48235.883935                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48235.883935                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44016.130971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44016.130971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17448.228481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17717.926933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16242.423224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28494.937223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20849.663037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17448.228481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17717.926933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16242.423224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28494.937223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20849.663037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        104492                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32174.734034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         3319088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        136960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         24.233995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21804.734902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.241872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.197900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.206641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   121.623290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    44.598636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4664.589282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5534.541445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.665428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.142352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.981895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9257                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1887614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       709219                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                2642570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          767008                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               767008                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                8344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       233236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               233236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1887614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       942455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 2875806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1887614                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       942455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                2875806                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                92562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             51216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       117103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             117103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       200561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                209665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       200561                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               209665                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39944442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11017273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    800446001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4363866193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5215273909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    817134868                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    817134868                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10297014993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10297014993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39944442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11017273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    800446001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14660881186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15512288902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39944442                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11017273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    800446001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14660881186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15512288902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1896171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       792677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            2735132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       767008                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           767008                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        59560                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           59560                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       350339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           350339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1896171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1143016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             3085471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1896171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1143016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            3085471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.033842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859906                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.859906                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.334256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.067952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.067952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93110.587413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93366.720339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93542.830548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52288.171212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56343.574134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15954.679553                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15954.679553                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87931.265578                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87931.265578                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93110.587413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93366.720339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93542.830548                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73099.362219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73986.067784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93110.587413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93366.720339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93542.830548                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73099.362219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73986.067784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               80965                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    80965                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        51216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       117103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        117103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       200561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           209665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       200561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          209665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33933454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9365157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    679823542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3190700937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3913823090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2772634035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2772634035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8607950293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8607950293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33933454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9365157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    679823542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11798651230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12521773383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33933454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9365157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    679823542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11798651230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12521773383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4023244868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4023244868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7767361712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7767361712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11790606580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11790606580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.859906                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859906                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.067952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.012587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.175466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79098.960373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79365.737288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79446.481477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38231.217343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42283.259761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54136.090968                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54136.090968                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73507.512984                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73507.512984                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79098.960373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79365.737288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79446.481477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58828.242929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59722.764329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79098.960373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79365.737288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79446.481477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58828.242929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59722.764329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1255888                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1579581                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18130                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15291                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10498                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15286                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1133974                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33421                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2835469                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1671                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   502260                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   631713                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            906                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            764                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10086                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11477318                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.987696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33624849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11477830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.929548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.987696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33621552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33621552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33621552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33621552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33621552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33621552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12046307                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12046307                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12046307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12046307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12046307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12046307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 180723961455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 180723961455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 180723961455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 180723961455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 180723961455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 180723961455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45667859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45667859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45667859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     45667859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45667859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     45667859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.263781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.263781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.263781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.263781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.263781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.263781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15002.436967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15002.436967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15002.436967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15002.436967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15002.436967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15002.436967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       108560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36186.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       568730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       568730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       568730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       568730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       568730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       568730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11477577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11477577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11477577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11477577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11477577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11477577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 132534748896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 132534748896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 132534748896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 132534748896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 132534748896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 132534748896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.251327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11547.275953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11547.275953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11547.275953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11547.275953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11547.275953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11547.275953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       245999                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        283393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       246015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.151934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972602890300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       283046                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       283046                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       283046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       283046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       283046                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       283046                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       246207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       246207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       246207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4147305946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4147305946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4147305946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4147305946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4147305946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4147305946                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       529253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       529253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       529253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       529253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       529253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       529253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.465197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.465197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.465197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.465197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.465197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16844.792983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16844.792983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16844.792983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16844.792983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16844.792983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16844.792983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2964                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2964                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       246207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3389919541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3389919541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3389919541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3389919541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3389919541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3389919541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.465197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.465197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.465197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.465197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13768.574984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13768.574984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13768.574984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13768.574984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13768.574984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13768.574984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2636417                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        345572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2636433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.131076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       345277                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       345277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       345277                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       345277                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2637709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2637709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2637709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2637709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2637709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2637709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42658226866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42658226866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42658226866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42658226866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42658226866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42658226866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2982986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2982986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2982986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.884251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.884251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16172.453772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16172.453772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16172.453772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16172.453772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16172.453772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16172.453772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5623                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5623                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2637709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2637709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2637709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2637709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2637709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2637709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  34608920711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34608920711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  34608920711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34608920711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  34608920711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34608920711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13120.825956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13120.825956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13120.825956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13120.825956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13120.825956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13120.825956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3834418                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.266351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                94853028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3834926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.733992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.266351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.988801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.988801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     58625254                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       58625254                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     35939547                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      35939547                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     94564801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        94564801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     94564801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       94564801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4677805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4677805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1133130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1133130                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5810935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5810935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5810935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5810935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106129122003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 106129122003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34774901645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34774901645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 140904023648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 140904023648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 140904023648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 140904023648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63303059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63303059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37072677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37072677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    100375736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    100375736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    100375736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    100375736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22687.803789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22687.803789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30689.242757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30689.242757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24248.081186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24248.081186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24248.081186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24248.081186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2644205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2644205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1690994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1690994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1709400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1709400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1709400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1709400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2986811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2986811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1114724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1114724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4101535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4101535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4101535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4101535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54987784325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54987784325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30503134386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30503134386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85490918711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85490918711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85490918711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  85490918711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4713438189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4713438189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9078882616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9078882616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13792320805                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13792320805                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18410.198812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18410.198812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27363.844670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27363.844670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20843.639933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20843.639933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20843.639933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20843.639933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               788184154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        56959777                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     56959777                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7381571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48016185                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29240737                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    396662449                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             281096704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           56959777                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29240737                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90134677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26526298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2672291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     155352446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       211341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       335871                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         45667861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5256847                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         106288                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    663982345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.808643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.255453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       576769666     86.87%     86.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6163396      0.93%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4418129      0.67%     88.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6894884      1.04%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5344302      0.80%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6037647      0.91%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6139641      0.92%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4880113      0.73%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47334567      7.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    663982345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.356638                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       390770680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    169354573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         83650456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1593403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18613233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     525778263                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18613233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       395909013                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       48590628                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    108996819                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80076394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11796258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     509531034                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        55993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        856747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7582795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        23061                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    560268523                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1283042473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1272848866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10193607                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    424951144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       135317371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2882790                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2906918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         38038858                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76447983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46633688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6923075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4158587                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         486959951                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4011075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        458683792                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1105829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98491587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    138242099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1169016                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    663982345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.690807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    487194086     73.37%     73.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61850459      9.32%     82.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41984149      6.32%     89.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25577482      3.85%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20069885      3.02%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13897195      2.09%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8373752      1.26%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4158134      0.63%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       877203      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    663982345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         751717     29.54%     29.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       101036      3.97%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        993406     39.03%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       698970     27.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3137344      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    337382389     73.55%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2755523      0.60%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72109280     15.72%     90.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43299256      9.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     458683792                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.581950                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2545129                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005549                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1579038772                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    584398263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    442575582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6886444                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5189671                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3118682                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     454615773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3475804                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6675924                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16646707                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        82364                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       129078                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9489079                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        99107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18613233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       39070623                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       454924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    490971026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4153781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76447983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46633881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3490616                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        182314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        13273                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       129078                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3077427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5099329                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8176756                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    450982716                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70108236                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7701076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           112423050                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45242241                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42314814                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.572179                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             446355496                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            445694264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        287446333                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        447747002                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.565470                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.641984                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    107951920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2842059                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7410596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    645727986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.592849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.566259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    518017412     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     46211127      7.16%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     21487067      3.33%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     22919409      3.55%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11698195      1.81%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4782655      0.74%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3795286      0.59%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3136484      0.49%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13680351      2.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    645727986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    203178592                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     382819455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              96946083                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             59801274                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             419318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40059058                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2535813                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        379106941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13680351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1122238595                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1000190927                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5994326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              124201809                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59281982921                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          203178592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            382819455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    203178592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.879268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.879268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.257781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.257781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       893894089                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      482423381                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5533468                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2942899                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      208641952                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2612189                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2480845                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1204832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2692236240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       446081942                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3142082075                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2692236240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2692236240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2157152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    300387524                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       305506084                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            80683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       150604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        336529530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         70688430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           407459024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           76381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        44694399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           44817052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             124019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          134586434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22299892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             157074486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     134586434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        134586434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            107837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15016545                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15272424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            231856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         134586434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37316437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            172346910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1579581                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1255888                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15291                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18130                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11454                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18125                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1133974                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33421                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2835469                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1671                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  631713                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  502260                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           764                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           906                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9184                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073218120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 251474220                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   475577342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           471286695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2011737                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32583977                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  471286695                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2011737                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1204253497                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        529092869                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3358149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1643040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   115458616                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  70708266                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 44750350                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59514390045.822273                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             558828074.177723                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009302                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990698                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
