
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117873                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   209267                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               65946190                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518103                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        919823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    430987069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225429200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              978111023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    430987069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         431649447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    430987069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225429200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1285454261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.150948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083049024000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.150948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.571934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.571934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249269824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249269824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250195824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250195824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250195824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250195824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177038.227273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177038.227273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1715100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11065.161290                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232302584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232302584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232961084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232961084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232961084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232961084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164987.630682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164987.630682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1293                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1443.789911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.104408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          111.120083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.274468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.272378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.919029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.098878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.935661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    982.201832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    322.967582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.027129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.239795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.078850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.352488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1755                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             616                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  616                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1755                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4567                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3236                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3175844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       553336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212099387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75885114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291713681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34225881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34225881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3175844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       553336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212099387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110110995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       325939562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3175844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       553336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212099387                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110110995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      325939562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          616                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              616                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.647107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.418304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.834975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.439081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.439081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88217.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50303.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89042.563812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95573.191436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90146.378554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101862.741071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100961.300885                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88217.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50303.272727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89042.563812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97443.358407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91171.905455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88217.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50303.272727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89042.563812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97443.358407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91171.905455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       493328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198869645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71536842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273878007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32359380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32359380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       493328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198869645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103896222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306237387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       493328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198869645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103896222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306237387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11324873                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11324873                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.647107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82727.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83488.515953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90096.778338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84976.111387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96307.678571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96307.678571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82727.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83488.515953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91943.559292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86045.908120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82727.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83488.515953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91943.559292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86045.908120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1749.311804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           25.865352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.043090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.728346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1240.869084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    443.806074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2773972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185475883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67360550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      255980533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30992657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30992657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2773972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185475883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98353207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286973190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2773972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185475883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98353207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286973190                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.830964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.988131                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.845788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.845788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95654.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.382684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97482.706223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95195.438081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93917.142424                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93071.042042                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95654.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.382684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96330.271303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94961.346790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95654.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.382684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96330.271303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94961.346790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2370648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158030708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57739277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218454233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26279840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26279840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2370648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158030708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84019117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244734073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2370648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158030708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84019117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244734073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81746.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80958.354508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83559.011577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81634.616218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79635.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79635.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81746.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80958.354508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82291.005877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81415.193945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81746.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80958.354508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82291.005877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81415.193945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3628                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               434.479420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.770397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083158398000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.218810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   434.260610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.848165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.848593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20252                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299733662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299733662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299733662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299733662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299733662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299733662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62185.407054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.726519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62185.407054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.726519                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62185.407054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.726519                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234717876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234717876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234717876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234717876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234717876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234717876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56736.252357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.252357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           98                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.065104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           98                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.345278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.719826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.544989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1860661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1860661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1860661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1860661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1860661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1860661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18241.774510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17070.284404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18241.774510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17070.284404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18241.774510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17070.284404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1538580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1538580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1538580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15084.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15084.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2245                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.097743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.006941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.812934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30191240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30191240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30191240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30191240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30191240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30191240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13388.576497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13353.047324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13388.576497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13353.047324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13388.576497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13353.047324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23260079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23260079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23260079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23260079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23260079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23260079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10314.890909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10314.890909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               370.476836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.634061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.721413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   369.755423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.722179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.723588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26729                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26730                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15929                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15933                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42663                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          438                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146346409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146346409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38424430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38424430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184770839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184770839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184770839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184770839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70630.506274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70630.506274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87727.009132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87130.226757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73613.880080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73526.000398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73613.880080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73526.000398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82981012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82981012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35737485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35737485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118718497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118718497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118718497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118718497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11778234                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11778234                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67574.114007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67574.114007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84485.780142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.780142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772817                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37487                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28159                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14885                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       174607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                181470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           41                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          407                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       407484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.822462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.286695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          355388     87.22%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2453      0.60%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1947      0.48%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2866      0.70%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3784      0.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3700      0.91%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5135      1.26%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1939      0.48%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30272      7.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       407484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.234816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          170088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            47826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        322242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          174237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            45959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        306335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       336214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       757606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       757516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       208784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          954                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          965                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29841                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39129                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2176                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            285183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           255644                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        92914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       132960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          823                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       407484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.627372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.401464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       312575     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31596      7.75%     84.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19863      4.87%     89.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16126      3.96%     93.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11184      2.74%     96.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8450      2.07%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5308      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1946      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          436      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       407484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            523     40.61%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     31.06%     71.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          365     28.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2826      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       196794     76.98%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        34752     13.59%     91.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21262      8.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        255644                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.330795                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1288                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005038                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       922256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       379820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       243710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        254092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14453                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8038                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94415                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       286798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39129                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           285                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           95                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       248406                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        32950                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53270                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25279                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20320                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.321429                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                244400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               243719                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           158535                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           248556                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.315364                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637824                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       100814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       390155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.397813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       325930     83.54%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        23921      6.13%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12166      3.12%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9890      2.53%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5843      1.50%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2950      0.76%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1660      0.43%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2437      0.62%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5358      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       390155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102369                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        185928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41087                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24674                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20249                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              671412                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             591019                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 365333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97615                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               185928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.549326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.549326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          478142                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         265235                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         108471                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           630                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993656947                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501281726                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84710                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11793174805                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4548104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5088.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   220539398                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     431041306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       609152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4713664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8836224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       609152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         609152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4502976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4502976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               138066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          70359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               70359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        78549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 147248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            75038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 75038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            75038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        78549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                222287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71561                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.884892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.243557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.641335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.015222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.915083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         45402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           100132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          100132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    505922664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4886337534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5392260198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8982876600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    156766000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9139642600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9488799264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   5043103534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14531902798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9488799264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   5043103534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14531902798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        42423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         3001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         100154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        100154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143320.867989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115238.373992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117396.590569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175446.808594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52255.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168628.092251                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173374.735319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111076.682393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145127.459733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173374.735319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111076.682393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145127.459733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    115432512                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9736.210526                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          51991                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               51991                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    463240376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4374901100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4838141476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8365747000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    119332400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8485079400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8828987376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4494233500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13323220876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8828987376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4494233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13323220876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131229.568272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103176.762889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105332.697814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163393.496094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39777.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156551.280443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161318.972702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98987.566627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133056.574082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161318.972702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98987.566627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133056.574082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        707985                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2589.387761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4455623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        710686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          6.269468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          665.388861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    55.543590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.033561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1135.724723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    729.697026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.162448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.277277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.178149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.632175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1280405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1838439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       614768                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3769053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          816586                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               816586                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        43423                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               43423                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               193762                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1280405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1838439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       808530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 3962815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1280405                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1838439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       808530                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                3962815                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       298485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       264809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               577441                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18227                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             18227                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             114227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       298485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       379036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                691668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       298485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       379036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               691668                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    297209204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36498822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7241537019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10335345839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    17910590884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215280773                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    215280773                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6037251318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6037251318                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    297209204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36498822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7241537019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16372597157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     23947842202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    297209204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     36498822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7241537019                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16372597157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    23947842202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1293230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2136924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       879577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4346494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       816589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           816589                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        61650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           61650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       307989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           307989                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1293230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2136924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1187566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4654483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1293230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2136924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1187566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4654483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.301064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.132852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000004                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000004                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295653                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.295653                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.370880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.148603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.148603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23174.206940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27608.791225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24260.974652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39029.435703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31017.179043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11811.091952                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11811.091952                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52853.102314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52853.102314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23174.206940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27608.791225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24260.974652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43195.361805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34623.319572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23174.206940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27608.791225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24260.974652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43195.361805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34623.319572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              232102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   232102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       298477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       264809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          577423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18227                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        18227                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       298477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       379036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           691650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       298477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       379036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          691650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228571958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29315560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5542113406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8867569127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14667570051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1561177240                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561177240                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5383146383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5383146383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228571958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29315560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5542113406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14250715510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20050716434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228571958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29315560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5542113406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14250715510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20050716434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1496733282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1496733282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3366479201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3366479201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4863212483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4863212483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.301064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295653                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295653                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.148599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17827.935262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22276.261398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18567.974772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33486.660676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25401.776602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85651.903220                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85651.903220                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47126.742215                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47126.742215                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17827.935262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22276.261398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18567.974772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37597.261236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28989.686162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17827.935262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22276.261398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18567.974772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37597.261236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28989.686162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56684                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32434.653095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          721644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         89152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.094535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8067.526676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.136270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.705072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   193.947344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    56.687445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5022.184535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  19087.465572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.246201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.153265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.582503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.989827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12506                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       288958                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       208834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 511516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          232105                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               232105                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          778                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 778                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                68991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       288958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       277825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  580507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12506                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       288958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       277825                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 580507                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9519                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                65907                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39515                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             39515                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              23170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        79145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 89077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9519                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        79145                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                89077                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29368146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9155527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    890743826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5076706508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     6005974007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88181282                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     88181282                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2145372304                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2145372304                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29368146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9155527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    890743826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7222078812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      8151346311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29368146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9155527                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    890743826                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7222078812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     8151346311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       298477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       264809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             577423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       232105                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           232105                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            92161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       298477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       356970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              669584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       298477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       356970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             669584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.114140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980691                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.980691                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251408                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.251408                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.133033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.133033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93232.209524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93423.744898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93575.357285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90695.962626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91128.013823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2231.590080                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2231.590080                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92592.676047                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92592.676047                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93232.209524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93423.744898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93575.357285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91251.232699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91508.990098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93232.209524                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93423.744898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93575.357285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91251.232699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91508.990098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18368                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18368                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39515                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        39515                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         23170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            89077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           89077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24957065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7782441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    756594166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4284422172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5073755844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2986702226                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2986702226                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1811317312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811317312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24957065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7782441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    756594166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6095739484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6885073156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24957065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7782441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    756594166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6095739484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6885073156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1338737296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1338737296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2963614495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2963614495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4302351791                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4302351791                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980691                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980691                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.133033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79228.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79412.663265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79482.526106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76541.709192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76983.565388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75584.011793                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75584.011793                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78175.110574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78175.110574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79228.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79412.663265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79482.526106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77019.893664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77293.500634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79228.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79412.663265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79482.526106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77019.893664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77293.500634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2513449                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1949                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1923                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2047                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2553989                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   335076                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3157                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               2136927                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22570771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               2137439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.559726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22565161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22565161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22565161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22565161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22565161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22565161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2244963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2244963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2244963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2244963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2244963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2244963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33990063612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33990063612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33990063612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33990063612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33990063612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33990063612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24810124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24810124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24810124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24810124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24810124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24810124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15140.589672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15140.589672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15140.589672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15140.589672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15140.589672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15140.589672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       238687                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34098.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       108022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       108022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       108022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       108022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       108022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       108022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2136941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2136941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2136941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2136941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2136941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2136941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24879830420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24879830420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24879830420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24879830420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  24879830420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24879830420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11642.731559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11642.731559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11642.731559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11642.731559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11642.731559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11642.731559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        37059                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         26550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        37075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.716116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083943019300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26211                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        26211                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        26211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26211                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        26211                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        37263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        37263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        37263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    710914101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    710914101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    710914101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    710914101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    710914101                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    710914101                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        63474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        63474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.587059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.587059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.587059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.587059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.587059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.587059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19078.284116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19078.284116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19078.284116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19078.284116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19078.284116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19078.284116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          648                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          648                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    596914932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596914932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    596914932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    596914932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    596914932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    596914932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.587059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.587059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.587059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16018.971419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16018.971419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16018.971419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16018.971419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16018.971419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16018.971419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1313104                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        178003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1313120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.135557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       177685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       177685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       177685                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       177685                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1313417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1313417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1313417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16970478511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16970478511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16970478511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16970478511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16970478511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16970478511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1491102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1491102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1491102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1491102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1491102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1491102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12920.861014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12920.861014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12920.861014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12920.861014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12920.861014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12920.861014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        10568                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        10568                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1313417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1313417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1313417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12957579734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12957579734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12957579734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12957579734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12957579734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12957579734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9865.548972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9865.548972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9865.548972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9865.548972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9865.548972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9865.548972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1185304                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.152056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44442121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1185815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 37.478123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.152056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26606972                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26606972                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17764579                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17764579                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44371551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44371551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44371551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44371551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1883069                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1883069                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       372872                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       372872                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2255941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2255941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2255941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2255941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70001646339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  70001646339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11699356142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11699356142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81701002481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81701002481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81701002481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81701002481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28490041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28490041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18137451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18137451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46627492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46627492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46627492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46627492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37174.233307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37174.233307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31376.333278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31376.333278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36215.930506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36215.930506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36215.930506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36215.930506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       805373                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           805373                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1002489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1002489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1008136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1008136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1008136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1008136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       880580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       880580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       367225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       367225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1247805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1247805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1247805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1247805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19411499301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19411499301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10172609556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10172609556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29584108857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29584108857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29584108857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29584108857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1559874558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1559874558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3513247889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3513247889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5073122447                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5073122447                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020247                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22043.992938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22043.992938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27701.299084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27701.299084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23708.919949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23708.919949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23708.919949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23708.919949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               296813058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        32166470                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     32166470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3586925                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23825080                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16770411                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    124440295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             147572286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           32166470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16770411                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             50273021                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11930058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            526887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89885075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       265538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63065                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           61                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24810129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2137551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          11766                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    273657252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.082185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.538076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       224300967     81.96%     81.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4661204      1.70%     83.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2384154      0.87%     84.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3377389      1.23%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3523538      1.29%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3495168      1.28%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3490269      1.28%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3322119      1.21%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        25102444      9.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    273657252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.108373                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.497189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       121557583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95566079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         47345992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       984288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       8203310                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     290978477                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       8203310                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       125462513                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46000661                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39825744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         44361506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9803518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     283394475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        71877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3203871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4700698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       233928                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    316083620                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    711664180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    680903560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30760620                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    245536670                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        70546942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1222688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1253514                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26905574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     34180367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21427499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2274329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1488138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         262582144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1548612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        248589275                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       611340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     42289841                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     60773690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       397016                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273657252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.908396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.582472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178565287     65.25%     65.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32391425     11.84%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21931172      8.01%     85.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15137543      5.53%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10854030      3.97%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7643453      2.79%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5095265      1.86%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1594714      0.58%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444363      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273657252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         544402     35.84%     35.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4341      0.29%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        608769     40.08%     76.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       361288     23.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4110588      1.65%      1.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    182807103     73.54%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9198955      3.70%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32386144     13.03%     91.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20086485      8.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     248589275                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.837528                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1518800                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006110                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    751536429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    291493266                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232335090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21873746                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14951678                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10712716                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     235063765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10933722                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3113324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6056991                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        41308                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        31449                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3346249                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        28337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       8203310                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       37062872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       463867                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264130756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6159688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34180367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21427499                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1335707                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        249959                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        35452                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        31449                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1445147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2504550                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3949697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    244756913                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31603858                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3832362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            51415260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        25107327                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19811402                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.824616                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             243347032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            243047806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        162146209                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        270392591                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.818858                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.599670                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     45637943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1151596                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3591786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265544488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.821912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.812886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193967827     73.05%     73.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24409269      9.19%     82.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14799434      5.57%     87.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11531249      4.34%     92.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5331011      2.01%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3011484      1.13%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2377134      0.90%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1928573      0.73%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8188507      3.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265544488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109783120                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     218254219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              46204631                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             28123374                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             161234                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22845519                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        210197616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      8188507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           520912123                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          536089352                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1098094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               23155806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179909158493                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109783120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            218254219                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109783120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.703631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.703631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.369873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.369873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       487259808                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      258768788                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18767184                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9796760                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      101796624                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1166937                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7398120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7786312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1159119824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231441736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1405934012                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1159119824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1159119824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2546585                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150538930                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154900043                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       924765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144889978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32502314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179295310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           42534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19694624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19765510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19315768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3856784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23428722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19315768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19315768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             42437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2508606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2581280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             43664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19315768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6365390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             26010002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2513449                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1949                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1923                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2047                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2553989                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  335076                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1997                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109695824                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210911290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           210016127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                46065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13413864                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  210016127                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       46065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         529489648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232885082                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              74830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52284077                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32536918                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19747159                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961054790.741455                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             246131728.258539                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
