
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66010                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   118562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34822073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        58688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    202390511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240573236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              885044655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        195989939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             195989939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        195989939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    202390511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240573236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1081034594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      909                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.326406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063120000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.326406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.520400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.520400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            919                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159337880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    159337880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159971880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    159971880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159971880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    159971880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42266.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42266.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173381.806311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173381.806311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171276.102784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171276.102784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171276.102784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171276.102784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1060800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10936.082474                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            895                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 895                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       450500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       450500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148374800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148374800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148825300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148825300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148825300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148825300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30033.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161452.448313                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161452.448313                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159341.862955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159341.862955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159341.862955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159341.862955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           15                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        61440                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           228                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1682.329639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              57                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           72.290956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.600688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.738443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.373525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1112.669311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    462.656780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.271648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.410725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2372                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1582                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          445                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4487                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2372                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2871                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204756421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86247865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294791012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28831162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28831162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204756421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115079027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323622174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950053                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204756421                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115079027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323622174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.557977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.390188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.557977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.408796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.557977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.408796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105359.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92963.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102532.008513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104164.088164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102678.861721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102968.435714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102968.435714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105359.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92963.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102532.008513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103861.937726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102704.593462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105359.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92963.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102532.008513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103861.937726                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102704.593462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2797153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193728583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81715265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279027940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27276662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27276662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2797153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193728583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108991927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306304602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2797153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193728583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108991927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306304602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.557977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.557977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.407628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.092784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.557977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99898.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87437.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97009.806209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98689.933575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97494.039133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97416.650000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97416.650000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99898.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87437.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97009.806209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98368.165162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97487.142584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99898.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87437.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97009.806209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98368.165162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97487.142584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1666.847350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.898608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.646686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.970633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1145.783398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.548103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     56                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           39                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     56                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2700153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186483709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78611749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268540550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26151079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26151079                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2700153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186483709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104762828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294691629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2700153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186483709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104762828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294691629                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.980495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.982217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.982217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96434.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93117.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95241.935138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96812.498768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95396.287744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94068.629496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94068.629496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96434.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93117.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95241.935138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96112.686239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95276.957323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96434.035714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93117.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95241.935138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96112.686239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95276.957323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2312194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158976120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67278996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229200536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22186144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22186144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2312194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158976120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89465140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251386680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2312194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158976120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89465140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251386680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.980676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.979359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82578.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79153.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81193.115424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82855.906404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81682.300784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79806.273381                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79806.273381                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82578.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79153.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81193.115424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82078.110092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81513.190661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82578.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79153.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81193.115424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82078.110092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81513.190661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3069                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.563315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.970349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066503300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.804717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.758597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.853044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.854616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31210                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4200                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    285907336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    285907336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    285907336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    285907336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    285907336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    285907336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68073.175238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68040.774869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68073.175238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68040.774869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68073.175238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68040.774869                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          621                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224139309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224139309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224139309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224139309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224139309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224139309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62626.238894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62626.238894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62626.238894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62626.238894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62626.238894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62626.238894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           89                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.600393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           89                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.471910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.271274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.600025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2090746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2090746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2090746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2090746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2090746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2090746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.310559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.310559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21554.082474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20907.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21554.082474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20907.460000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21554.082474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20907.460000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1785897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1785897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1785897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1785897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1785897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1785897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.304075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18411.309278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18411.309278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18411.309278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18411.309278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18411.309278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18411.309278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2388                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.352651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.108878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.288274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2404                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2404                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29740344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29740344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29740344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     29740344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29740344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     29740344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12386.648896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12371.191348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12386.648896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12371.191348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12386.648896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12371.191348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22338931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22338931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22338931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22338931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22338931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22338931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9304.011245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9304.011245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9304.011245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9304.011245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9304.011245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9304.011245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1138                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               364.688015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.348858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.221174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   364.466841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.711849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.712281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20721                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20721                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          363                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2866                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2867                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    204846222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204846222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32427626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32427626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237273848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    237273848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237273848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    237273848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81840.280463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81807.596645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89332.303030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89332.303030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82789.200279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82760.323683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82789.200279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82760.323683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93611857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93611857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30166616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30166616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123778473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123778473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123778473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123778473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73536.415554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73536.415554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85700.613636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85700.613636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76171.368000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.368000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76171.368000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.368000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  815888                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49044                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7356                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35388                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21695                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70203                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          354                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             36                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.958137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.434593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          387084     84.97%     84.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3094      0.68%     85.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2838      0.62%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3883      0.85%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6206      1.36%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4090      0.90%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6340      1.39%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3254      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38744      8.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.060111                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.280445                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          190460                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64158                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          195854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60384                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398527                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          132                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1387                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2111                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335190                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          959                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.735819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.506162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       333263     73.16%     73.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39551      8.68%     81.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26060      5.72%     87.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19878      4.36%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14834      3.26%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10800      2.37%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7992      1.75%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2643      0.58%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          512      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            916     51.69%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           434     24.49%     76.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          422     23.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4054      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259486     77.41%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44969     13.42%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26671      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335190                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.410828                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1772                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005287                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1130152                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319719                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16572                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9322                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6605                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325164                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42735                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33818                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25581                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.398540                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208573                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340167                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.391877                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613149                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       435403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.581608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.552847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350932     80.60%     80.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30007      6.89%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16188      3.72%     91.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13046      3.00%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8069      1.85%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3451      0.79%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2330      0.54%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2838      0.65%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8542      1.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       435403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133877                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33173                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27941                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8542                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              797919                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             763030                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 360355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2225                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.094310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.094310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.164087                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.164087                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          645075                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348941                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139995                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003930681364                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975433459773                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30209                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58248                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4387245930                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4583576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4559.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137739926                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265586666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        11584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       464960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1437440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3585792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       464960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         464960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1828480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1828480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        71858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        71858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                270660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28847                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.063577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.903298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34799                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644950382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656039382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2928143920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1187292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4115435920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939232920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1832242382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4771475302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939232920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1832242382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4771475302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40706.285155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40737.666542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175970.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65383.115810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118263.051237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173919.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53884.727289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93736.622635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173919.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53884.727289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93736.622635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21460500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11500.803859                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7894800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    448083400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455978200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727596000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    962727800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3690323800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735490800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1410811200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735490800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1410811200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30364.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28280.951780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28314.592648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163918.028846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53016.564789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106046.834679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161863.360947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41490.786107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81454.963362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161863.360947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41490.786107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81454.963362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        326484                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4010.503150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         5365883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        330524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         16.234473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          641.042615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.030572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.003942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.842973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.040980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2463.873639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    877.668411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.156505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.601532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.214275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734970                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36827                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3504775                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       569089                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4845661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          541490                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               541490                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14973                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14973                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       184770                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               184770                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3504775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       753859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 5030431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       734970                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36827                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3504775                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       753859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                5030431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       198651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       103473                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               304284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14288                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14288                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              28560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       198651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       132033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                332844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       198651                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       132033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               332844                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     49589666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17329114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4830798845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3659179217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8556896842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336568865                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    336568865                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1719996928                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1719996928                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     49589666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17329114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4830798845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5379176145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10276893770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     49589666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17329114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4830798845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5379176145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10276893770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       736614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       672562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            5149945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       541490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           541490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           213330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       736614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       885892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5363275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       736614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       885892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5363275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.153849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.059085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488295                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.488295                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.133877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.062060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.062060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30164.030414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33583.554264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24318.019265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35363.613861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28121.415658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23556.051582                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23556.051582                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60223.982073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60223.982073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30164.030414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33583.554264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24318.019265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40741.149145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30876.007289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30164.030414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33583.554264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24318.019265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40741.149145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30876.007289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               57102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    57102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       198650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       103450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          304260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14288                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14288                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       198650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       132010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           332820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       198650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       132010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          332820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40741394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14498461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3696919399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3081773470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6833932724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    952574215                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    952574215                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1560368472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560368472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40741394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14498461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3696919399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4642141942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8394301196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40741394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     14498461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3696919399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4642141942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8394301196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3382017121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3382017121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4928502594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4928502594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8310519715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8310519715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.153815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488295                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488295                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.133877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.062055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.053640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.149014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24781.869830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28097.792636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18610.215953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29789.980377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22460.831933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66669.527926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66669.527926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54634.750420                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54634.750420                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24781.869830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28097.792636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18610.215953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35165.077964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25221.745075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24781.869830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28097.792636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18610.215953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35165.077964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25221.745075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6386                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29845.625593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          314689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.538802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10040.183391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.008137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.045977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   147.872021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.985410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8728.831350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10870.699307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.306402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.331747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.910816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1463                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        75153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 268442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           57102                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                57102                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  92                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13635                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                13635                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        88788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  282077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1463                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        88788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 282077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16232                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41186                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48707                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6932979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    680181784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1689234490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2393301325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    260481032                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    260481032                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1110061077                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1110061077                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6932979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    680181784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2799295567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3503362402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16952072                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6932979                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    680181784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2799295567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3503362402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       198650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       103450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             304260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        57102                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            57102                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            26524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       198650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       129974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              330784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       198650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       129974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             330784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.110097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.117722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.994364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.485937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.110097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.147247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.110097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.147247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93657.856354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93688.905405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.586017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59696.592925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66818.396477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16047.377526                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16047.377526                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86124.685934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86124.685934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93657.856354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93688.905405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.586017                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67967.162798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71927.287700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93657.856354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93688.905405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93611.586017                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67967.162798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71927.287700                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2564                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2564                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16232                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16232                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14417017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5896231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    577808853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1291441391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1889563492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    865244788                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865244788                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    925320914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    925320914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14417017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5896231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    577808853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2216762305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2814884406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14417017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5896231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    577808853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2216762305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2814884406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3014508531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3014508531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4380835896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4380835896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7395344427                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7395344427                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.110097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.110097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.147247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.110097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.316879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79652.027624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79678.797297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.275392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45638.809450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52754.578480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53304.878512                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53304.878512                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71791.520987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71791.520987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79652.027624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79678.797297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.275392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53823.199752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57792.194264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79652.027624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79678.797297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.275392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53823.199752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57792.194264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297436                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374729                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4294                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3618                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3613                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268813                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7912                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672165                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118951                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149862                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7709                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3703426                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9963327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3703938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.689928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9955818                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9955818                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9955818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9955818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9955818                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9955818                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3861298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3861298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3861298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3861298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3861298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3861298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  49823895593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49823895593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  49823895593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  49823895593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  49823895593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  49823895593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13817116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13817116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13817116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13817116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13817116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13817116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.279458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12903.405951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12903.405951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12903.405951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12903.405951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12903.405951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12903.405951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107617                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35872.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       157865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       157865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       157865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       157865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3703433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3703433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3703433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3703433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3703433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3703433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35055288337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35055288337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35055288337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35055288337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35055288337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35055288337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9465.619693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9465.619693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9465.619693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9465.619693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9465.619693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9465.619693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        37386                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         83938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        37402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.244212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972572354300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83632                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        83632                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        83632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        83632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        37589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        37589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37589                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        37589                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    685419296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    685419296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    685419296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    685419296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    685419296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    685419296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       121221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       121221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       121221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       121221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       121221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.310087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.310087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.310087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.310087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.310087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18234.571178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18234.571178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18234.571178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18234.571178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18234.571178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18234.571178                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    571094325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571094325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    571094325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571094325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    571094325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571094325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.310087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.310087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.310087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15193.123653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15193.123653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15193.123653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15193.123653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15193.123653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15193.123653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       736939                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         41583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       736955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.056425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        41098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        41098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        41098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        41098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        41098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        41098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       737179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       737179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       737179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       737179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       737179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       737179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11988378922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11988378922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11988378922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11988378922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11988378922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11988378922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       778277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       778277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.947194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.947194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.947194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.947194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.947194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.947194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16262.507372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16262.507372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16262.507372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16262.507372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16262.507372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16262.507372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          199                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       737179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       737179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       737179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       737179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       737179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       737179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9740577113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9740577113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9740577113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9740577113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9740577113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9740577113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.947194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.947194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.947194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.947194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13213.313338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13213.313338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13213.313338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13213.313338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13213.313338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13213.313338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                877220                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.986314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28709565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                877732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.708805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.986314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17910642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       17910642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10746176                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10746176                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28656818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28656818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28656818                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28656818                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1043419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1043419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       243769                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       243769                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1287188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1287188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1287188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1287188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23591379522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23591379522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6182127378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6182127378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29773506900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29773506900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29773506900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29773506900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18954061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18954061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10989945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10989945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29944006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29944006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29944006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29944006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022181                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022181                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22609.689417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22609.689417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25360.597032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25360.597032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23130.659158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23130.659158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23130.659158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23130.659158                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       541238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           541238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       370438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       370438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       372188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       372188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       372188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       372188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       672981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       672981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       242019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       242019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       915000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       915000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11913961248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11913961248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5302595899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5302595899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17216557147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17216557147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17216557147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17216557147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3528839448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3528839448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5133943711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5133943711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8662783159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8662783159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17703.265394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17703.265394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21909.833108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21909.833108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18815.909450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18815.909450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18815.909450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18815.909450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               234742806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17555991                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17555991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2408771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15167743                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9073808                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    118307371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83589052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17555991                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9073808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27986017                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8188777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            506783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      51434736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       120450                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13817118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1647726                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          24998                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    204148436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.800763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.238642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       176966239     86.69%     86.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2599941      1.27%     87.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1272007      0.62%     88.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2041577      1.00%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1700209      0.83%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1934907      0.95%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1941280      0.95%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1455506      0.71%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14236770      6.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    204148436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.356088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       116587709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     55428260                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26015131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       485554                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5631782                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     159885616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           77                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5631782                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       118175556                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7326194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     45347532                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24915044                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2752328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     154880783                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        16097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        193662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1374391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6141                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170302289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    386265372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    383435374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2829998                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129807187                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40495142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1024187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1045852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10378539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22820299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13770161                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1773114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1076938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         147814597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1302010                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        139726838                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       332663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29020038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40114531                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       340478                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    204148436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.684437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.433873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    150486038     73.71%     73.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18703512      9.16%     82.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12484030      6.12%     88.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8035219      3.94%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6085969      2.98%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4243353      2.08%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2644542      1.30%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1204468      0.59%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       261305      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    204148436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         268892     32.64%     32.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27537      3.34%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        305471     37.08%     73.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       222000     26.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1222499      0.87%      0.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103311683     73.94%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       755711      0.54%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21603348     15.46%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12833597      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     139726838                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.595234                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             823900                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483113102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176725210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134758413                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1894908                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1435899                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       859512                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     138373376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         954863                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1971231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4909917                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29712                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        25223                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2743403                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46203                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5631782                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5904812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        76830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149116607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1304243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22820299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13770161                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1175210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         29484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         5605                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        25223                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       951973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1739247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2691220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137283644                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20992625                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2443194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33545192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13884631                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12552567                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.584826                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             135858282                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135617925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87334506                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        135745306                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.577730                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643370                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     32201208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2416655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    198618818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.587729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.528727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158582882     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14420882      7.26%     87.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7219444      3.63%     90.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7282712      3.67%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3673087      1.85%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1555099      0.78%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1230858      0.62%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1057736      0.53%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3596118      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    198618818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60607216                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116733993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28937137                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17910380                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12208105                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693777                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115595796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3596118                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           343684405                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          303519298                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1758618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               30594370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59835738241                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60607216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116733993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60607216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.873182                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.873182                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.258186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.258186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       269782510                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      146852797                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1523844                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          811002                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63259006                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        980211                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588169                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811460272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138386998                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950764367                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811460272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811460272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92075345                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95547629                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101432534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21726892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123219668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13522045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13586400                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40565041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6917990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47528877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40565041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40565041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4602863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4776443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40565041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11520853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52305320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374729                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297436                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3618                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4294                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2714                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4289                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268813                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7912                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672165                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149862                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118951                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6807                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072389846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76049489                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146924718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145695973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               485676                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9961511                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145695973                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      485676                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372750944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164837778                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             809798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            395885                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35302528                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21746854                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13555674                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900596593.166222                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171793252.833780                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002860                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997140                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
