
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59027                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   104260                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31989218                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      679753                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1200647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       194112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              273984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    526924735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              743740452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203612196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    526924735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             743740452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2022                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1586.261936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            2698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.334322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          229.788902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.210401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.782313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.189726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.364187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.903082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.010707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    421.478572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    904.534045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.056101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.102900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.220834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.387271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3020                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4852                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1287                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1287                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3020                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          572                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5001                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2449                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5712270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1862413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124372051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241870279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      373817013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       768640                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       768640                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73310621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73310621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5712270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1862413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124372051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315180900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       447127634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5712270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1862413                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124372051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315180900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      447127634                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1287                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1287                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.698947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.444661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.373333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.373333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826542                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.826744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.698947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.478900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.698947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.478900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72307.215190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93120.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93653.652861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98762.874234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96220.595367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27451.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27451.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103254.395775                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103109.171589                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72307.215190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93120.650000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93653.652861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99772.364672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97286.256310                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72307.215190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93120.650000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93653.652861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99772.364672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97286.256310                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 327                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      327                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5278851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1753713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117014716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228298226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352345506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1385425                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1385425                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69414924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69414924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5278851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1753713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117014716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297713150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421760430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5278851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1753713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117014716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297713150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421760430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.698947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.698947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.477858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.698947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66820.898734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87685.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88113.490964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93220.998775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90904.413313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49479.464286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49479.464286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97767.498592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97767.498592                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66820.898734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87685.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88113.490964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94242.845837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91966.949411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 66820.898734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87685.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88113.490964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94242.845837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91966.949411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2042.340612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           90.723208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.332012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.232301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.365131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    544.025911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1362.662079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.062327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             327                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  327                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          157                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2327                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3574                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4670451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110575502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218591747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335474913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       185223                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       185223                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66936769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66936769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4670451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110575502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    285528516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       402411682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4670451                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110575502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    285528516                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      402411682                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          327                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              327                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.632911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.881777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.950184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.919949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.994374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.632911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.881777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.931462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.632911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.881777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.931462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93409.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94428.268147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93937.149549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93865.392557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15435.250000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15435.250000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94811.287535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94677.183876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93409.020000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94428.268147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94140.625124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93999.458538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93409.020000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96306.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94428.268147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94140.625124                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93999.458538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3971563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94126491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185838628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285338007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56942758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56942758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3971563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94126491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242781386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342280765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3971563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94126491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242781386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342280765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.632911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.881777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.950184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.632911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.881777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.929286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.632911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.881777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79431.260000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82430.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80381.290350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.894284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80038.711641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80655.464589                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80655.464589                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79431.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82430.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80381.290350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80046.615892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80140.661438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79431.260000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82430.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80381.290350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80046.615892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80140.661438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1403                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               332.900841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.482537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   332.497436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.649409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.650197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31577                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31577                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    168230015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168230015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    168230015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168230015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    168230015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168230015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74702.493339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74669.336440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74702.493339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74669.336440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74702.493339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74669.336440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133410983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133410983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133410983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133410983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133410983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133410983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70216.306842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70216.306842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70216.306842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70216.306842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70216.306842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70216.306842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          291                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.604796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.285223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019269541000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.855047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.749749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.053440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.609359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.662800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6003357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6003357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6003357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      6003357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6003357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      6003357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.213918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.213918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.213918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18302.917683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18082.400602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18302.917683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18082.400602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18302.917683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18082.400602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4967717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4967717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4967717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4967717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4967717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4967717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15145.478659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15145.478659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15145.478659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15145.478659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15145.478659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15145.478659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         3119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.273451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.637704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126197300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.676519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.596932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2255                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2252                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2255                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38680346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38680346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38680346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     38680346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38680346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     38680346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.584255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12225.140961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12205.852319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12225.140961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12205.852319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12225.140961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12205.852319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           22                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           22                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28863170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28863170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28863170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28863170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28863170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28863170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9122.367257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9122.367257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9122.367257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9122.367257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9122.367257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9122.367257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3775                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.496365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   57461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.221457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.309299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.187066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.890990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.891594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44359                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44362                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21861                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21861                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8144                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          934                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          935                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9078                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    708625470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    708625470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81146523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81146523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    789771993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    789771993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    789771993                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    789771993                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87011.968320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86990.605205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86880.645610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86787.725134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86998.457039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86969.716221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86998.457039                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86969.716221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256961202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256961202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77569697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77569697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334530899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334530899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334530899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334530899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040886                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75003.269702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75003.269702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83229.288627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83229.288627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76762.482561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76762.482561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76762.482561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76762.482561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56817                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36160                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23814                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       159727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                265577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56817                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              8101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        486702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1887                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2919                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             91                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       764629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.637067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          683156     89.34%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8963      1.17%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5151      0.67%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3660      0.48%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5704      0.75%     92.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5324      0.70%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5165      0.68%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3599      0.47%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43907      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       764629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          166342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       494854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4656                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24748                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        469211                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24748                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175979                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         398234                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31783                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        447388                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          209                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       535049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1169290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1169290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       327340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          207566                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            422151                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           368667                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2488                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          689                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       764629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.206029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       614965     80.43%     80.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57010      7.46%     87.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34166      4.47%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22397      2.93%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16524      2.16%     97.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10378      1.36%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6596      0.86%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2172      0.28%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          421      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       764629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            764     32.57%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           857     36.53%     69.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          725     30.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3069      0.83%      0.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       277732     75.33%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59757     16.21%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28109      7.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        368667                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.333333                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2346                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006363                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1508369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        367944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22982                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          124                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7867                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24748                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       424317                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2149                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          124                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1972                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5594                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       360894                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57399                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84936                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37016                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27537                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326305                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                356521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               355481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           246427                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           394498                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321411                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624660                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6604                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       740043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       650678     87.92%     87.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35001      4.73%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13350      1.80%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14356      1.94%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6949      0.94%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3343      0.45%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2666      0.36%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2156      0.29%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11544      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       740043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       153303                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        272720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66656                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                43861                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30014                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           272342                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1151707                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             873313                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 341372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             153303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               272720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       153303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.214477                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.214477                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.138610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.138610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          722216                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         412896                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168307                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.133440                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1133440425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6153207694605                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45436                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32188543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4659096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35212.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856483898                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599920172                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3536704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       165696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       970048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11387584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            16130240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       970048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         970048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12097856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         12097856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       177931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               252035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         189029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              189029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3120326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       855844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10046919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14231220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       855844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            855844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10673570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10673570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10673570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3120326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       855844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10046919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24904790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   103801                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.466828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   103815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.530761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020600669000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.111292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.355536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8350                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8350                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           27037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              27037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          27037                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             27037                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99157                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         100885                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        202970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       202970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204725                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4589655930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4590735930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123987784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6682724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6806711784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125067784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11272379930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11397447714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125067784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11272379930                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11397447714                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.922331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.923559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.883342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.883342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        40000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44210.801441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44209.706568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71752.189815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67395.383079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67470.008267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71263.694587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55537.172636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55671.987857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71263.694587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55537.172636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55671.987857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       354900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  34                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10438.235294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56764                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56764                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       202970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       202970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       742700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3307706570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3308449270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103183300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5458481705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5561665005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8766188275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8870114275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8766188275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8870114275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.922331                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27507.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31862.161483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31861.029180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59712.557870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55048.879101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55128.760519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59217.094017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43189.576169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43326.971669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59217.094017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43189.576169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43326.971669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31856454                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3546.724040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56661317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31859962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.778449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          455.217764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.727556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.177491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2374.678117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    623.923112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.111137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.579755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.152325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.865899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17055710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4434331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22368408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7248702                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51107151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8329916                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8329916                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1160659                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1160659                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1375921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1375921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17055710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4434331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22368408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8624623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52483072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17055710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4434331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22368408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8624623                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52483072                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       317368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21365022                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6882802                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             29093930                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85434                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             85434                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2012286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2012286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       317368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21365022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8895088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              31106216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       317368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21365022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8895088                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             31106216                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11820613057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6832109582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 471083407819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170511023936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   660247154394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2210841937                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2210841937                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59014714201                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  59014714201                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11820613057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6832109582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 471083407819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229525738137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    719261868595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11820613057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6832109582                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 471083407819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229525738137                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   719261868595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17584448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4751699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43733430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14131504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80201081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8329918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8329918                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1246093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1246093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3388207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3388207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17584448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4751699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43733430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17519711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83589288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17584448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4751699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43733430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17519711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83589288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.362762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.068561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.593909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.593909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.372132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.372132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22356.276751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21527.405353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22049.282599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24773.489625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22693.639340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25877.776260                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25877.776260                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29327.200110                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29327.200110                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22356.276751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21527.405353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22049.282599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25803.650075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23122.769693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22356.276751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21527.405353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22049.282599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25803.650075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23122.769693                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4475793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4475793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21365021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6882801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29089947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85434                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        85434                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2012286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2012286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21365021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8895087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         31102233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21365021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8895087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        31102233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8968389165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5085672803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 349928617340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132636476780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 496619156088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3391197111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3391197111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47707821869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47707821869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8968389165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5085672803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 349928617340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180344298649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 544326977957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8968389165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5085672803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 349928617340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180344298649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 544326977957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10643281541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10643281541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15831075846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15831075846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26474357387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26474357387                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068561                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.593909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17028.058937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16122.370525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16378.575867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19270.712139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17071.848089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39693.764906                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39693.764906                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23708.271026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23708.271026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17028.058937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16122.370525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16378.575867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20274.596375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17501.218577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17028.058937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16122.370525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16378.575867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20274.596375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17501.218577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        198058                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32348.979551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        33243563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        230548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        144.193673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18874.497020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.076718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.015848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   473.220624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   151.205638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5662.002182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7187.959449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.576004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.172791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.219359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       524094                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314738                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21349856                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6728739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               28917427                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4475795                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4475795                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36688                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               36688                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1825243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1825243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       524094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21349856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8553982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30742670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       524094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21349856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8553982                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30742670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15165                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       154062                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               172520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             69135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       166654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             166654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       320716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                339174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       320716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               339174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239978307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65364002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1418102761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9211395179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10934840249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1719759856                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1719759856                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14999858450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14999858450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239978307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65364002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1418102761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24211253629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25934698699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239978307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65364002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1418102761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24211253629                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25934698699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21365021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6882801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           29089947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4475795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4475795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105823                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          105823                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1991897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1991897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21365021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8874698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            31081844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       526683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21365021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8874698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           31081844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.653308                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.653308                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.083666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92691.505214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92846.593750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93511.556940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59790.183037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63383.029498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24875.386649                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24875.386649                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90005.991155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90005.991155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92691.505214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92846.593750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93511.556940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75491.255906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76464.288828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92691.505214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92846.593750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93511.556940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75491.255906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76464.288828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              132265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   132265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          172520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        69135                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       166654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        166654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       320716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           339174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       320716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          339174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    203666918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55454837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1204238679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7041429605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8504790039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3410021327                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3410021327                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12618047059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12618047059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    203666918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55454837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1204238679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19659476664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21122837098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    203666918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55454837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1204238679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19659476664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21122837098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9483000916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9483000916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14096376865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14096376865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23579377781                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23579377781                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.653308                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.653308                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78666.248745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78771.075284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79409.078734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45705.168082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49297.415019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49324.095277                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49324.095277                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75714.036621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75714.036621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78666.248745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78771.075284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79409.078734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61298.708714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62277.288642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78666.248745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78771.075284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79409.078734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61298.708714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62277.288642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                32716786                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44117                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20046209                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12670577                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22059                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22059                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22347                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43733436                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132284962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43733948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.024766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132270476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132270476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132270476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       132270476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132270476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      132270476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47972520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47972520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47972520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47972520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47972520                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47972520                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1038360466835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1038360466835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1038360466835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1038360466835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1038360466835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1038360466835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180242996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180242996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180242996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180242996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180242996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180242996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21644.901432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21644.901432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21644.901432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21644.901432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21644.901432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21644.901432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       332613                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41576.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4239075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4239075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4239075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4239075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4239075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4239075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43733445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43733445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43733445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43733445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43733445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43733445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 810026411849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 810026411849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 810026411849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 810026411849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 810026411849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 810026411849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.242636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.242636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.242636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18521.898100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18521.898100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18521.898100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18521.898100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18521.898100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18521.898100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4753123                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4414976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4753139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.928855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4414568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4414568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4414568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4414568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4414568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4414568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4753849                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4753849                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4753849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4753849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4753849                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4753849                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81219672083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81219672083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81219672083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  81219672083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81219672083                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  81219672083                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9168417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9168417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9168417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9168417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9168417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9168417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17085.034060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17085.034060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17085.034060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17085.034060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17085.034060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17085.034060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        24905                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        24905                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4753849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4753849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4753849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4753849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4753849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4753849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66623043248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66623043248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66623043248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66623043248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66623043248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66623043248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14014.547632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14014.547632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14014.547632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14014.547632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14014.547632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14014.547632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17589460                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5070966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17589476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.288295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5070548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5070548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5070548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5070548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5070548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5070548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600375                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17600375                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17600375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600375                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17600375                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285223904223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 285223904223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285223904223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 285223904223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 285223904223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 285223904223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22670923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22670923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22670923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22670923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22670923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22670923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.776341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.776341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.776341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16205.558360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16205.558360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16205.558360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16205.558360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16205.558360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16205.558360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        17092                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        17092                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17600375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17600375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17600375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231465871689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 231465871689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231465871689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 231465871689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 231465871689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 231465871689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13151.189772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13151.189772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13151.189772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13151.189772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13151.189772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13151.189772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17479964                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.769269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279739972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17480476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.002995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.769269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180036051                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180036051                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98299845                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98299845                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278335896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278335896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278335896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278335896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21823564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21823564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4661386                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4661386                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26484950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26484950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26484950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26484950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 585860910083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 585860910083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120832323745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 120832323745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 706693233828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 706693233828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 706693233828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 706693233828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201859615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201859615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102961231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102961231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304820846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304820846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304820846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304820846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26845.336082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26845.336082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25921.973367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25921.973367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26682.823031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26682.823031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26682.823031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26682.823031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8287923                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8287923                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7681883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7681883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7736458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7736458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7736458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7736458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14141681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14141681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4606811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4606811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18748492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18748492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18748492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18748492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 326988085136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 326988085136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103582051581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 103582051581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430570136717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 430570136717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430570136717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 430570136717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11112761307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11112761307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16452259940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16452259940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27565021247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27565021247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23122.292543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23122.292543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22484.545509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22484.545509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22965.587671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22965.587671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22965.587671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22965.587671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3365067308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231761158                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231761158                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43005350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197281646                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103783782                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1507440214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1057100597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231761158                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103783782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329675517                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156144982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          86360654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     398062021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       735969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2201287                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180243004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30485291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1204899                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2436035309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.812163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.253828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2114950785     86.82%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19910449      0.82%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14679056      0.60%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26518073      1.09%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22722747      0.93%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27666247      1.14%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19743256      0.81%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16804546      0.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       173040150      7.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2436035309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.068873                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.314140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1568639049                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    444766279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304806677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6263713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111559591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1917728866                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1147                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111559591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1589508504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      143724745                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    256412396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289232398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45597675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1839119684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       660355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7476831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29751184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       214771                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1997245566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4572692975                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4572601695                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        91280                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1204536269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792709298                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6211595                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6231882                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140857385                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259655383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159305096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16812099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15428496                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1705535227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8949248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541644034                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7898591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    569949823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    760666716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3257857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2436035309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.407401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1859038023     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198572647      8.15%     84.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124622730      5.12%     89.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85205748      3.50%     93.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69757030      2.86%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49193070      2.02%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36484491      1.50%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10984293      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2177277      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2436035309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4440499     41.88%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4073275     38.42%     80.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2088066     19.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18673428      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144892840     74.26%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236607456     15.35%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141470310      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541644034                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.458132                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10601840                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5544476120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2284864875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465972812                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41694                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25478                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20451                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1533551565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20881                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23415932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95154494                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       516313                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       479454                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56312565                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       199997                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111559591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       83671277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1948410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1714484475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29735116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259655383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159305096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7902399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        957452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        75817                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       479454                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14259591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33881093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48140684                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1495612940                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225530690                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46031095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361410552                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158174208                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135879862                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.444453                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468890264                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465993263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922285273                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421704996                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.435651                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648718                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629894958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5691391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43263220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2325381017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.466388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.418222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1968671949     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128133538      5.51%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57755857      2.48%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63098195      2.71%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33390760      1.44%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14992291      0.64%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11925329      0.51%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7791589      0.34%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39621509      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2325381017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586707600                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084529501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267493416                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164500886                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577829                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125526979                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079952482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39621509                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3998877915                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3540882471                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26727864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              929031999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            29178256                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586707600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084529501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586707600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.735510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.735510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.174352                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.174352                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2863972114                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1577454778                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20451                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704248939                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5342820                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       944096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2842870800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       512406522                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3359067954                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2842870800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2842870800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    357340063                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364904499                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       118012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355358850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81163070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436758852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51549716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51731040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2430857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       832947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        74111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2508178407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          452080683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2963603450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2508178407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2508178407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3321060                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3352811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         315270265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            321944137                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3327504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5783669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       832947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        74111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2508178407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         767350948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3285547587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               32716786                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44117                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12670577                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20046209                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22059                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22059                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              22204                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3403715622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268381646                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512920021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511207091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36608105                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511207091                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1318158706                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        565741239                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132932533                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81248188                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51684345                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2803795694.352932                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599919927.647068                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.176254                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.823746                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
