
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51570                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    91940                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28068331                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536544                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        85248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              309568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        83136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            83136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    291913206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463291680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    281393811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1060048181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463291680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         463510834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        284681122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             284681122                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        284681122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    291913206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463291680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    281393811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1344729303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1327                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.731312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613493000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.731312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1342                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1342                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1363                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1363                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    238733832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    238733832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239590832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    239590832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239590832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    239590832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40809.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40809.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177894.062593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177894.062593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175781.975055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175781.975055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175781.975055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175781.975055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1574400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10426.490066                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1306                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1306                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       600800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       600800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222812100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222812100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223412900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223412900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223412900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223412900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28609.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28609.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166029.880775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166029.880775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163912.619222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163912.619222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163912.619222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163912.619222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           255                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1828.658640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.286275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           87.514553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.158570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.401543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1174.956396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    515.627715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.446450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          527                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4703                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             655                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  655                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4786                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3227                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7474229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2882146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221944310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103941384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336242069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32925086                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32925086                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7474229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2882146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221944310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136866470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       369167155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7474229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2882146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221944310                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136866470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      369167155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              655                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.649134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.406936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.791457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.791980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.200000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.425381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.200000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.425381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106774.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106746.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103567.106860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106606.547692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104196.488689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104524.082540                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104193.310127                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106774.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106746.148148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103567.106860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106098.038760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104196.205193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106774.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106746.148148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103567.106860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106098.038760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104196.205193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6913629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2733346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210109047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98601832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318357854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31176086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31176086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6913629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2733346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210109047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129777918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349533940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6913629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2733346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210109047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129777918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349533940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242588                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242588                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.649134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.791457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.789474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.423580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.678947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101671.014706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101235.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98044.352310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101130.084103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99084.299409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98971.701587                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98971.701587                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101671.014706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101235.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98044.352310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100603.037209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99074.246032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101671.014706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101235.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98044.352310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100603.037209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99074.246032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1794.826008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.554329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.240433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.402835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1202.725484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.903063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3191                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1285                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3506                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6669329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2641846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202482450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95143965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306937590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30028269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30028269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6669329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2641846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202482450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125172234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336965859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6669329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2641846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202482450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125172234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336965859                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.989457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99542.223881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97846.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.669820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97985.545829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96188.527107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95631.429936                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95327.838095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99542.223881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97846.148148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.669820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97410.298833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96111.197661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99542.223881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97846.148148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.669820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97410.298833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96111.197661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5738747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2266810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172786689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81617774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262410020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25569852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25569852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5738747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2266810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172786689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107187626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287979872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5738747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2266810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172786689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107187626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287979872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153211                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153211                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85652.940299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83955.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81734.479186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84055.380021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82544.831708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81432.649682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81432.649682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85652.940299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83955.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81734.479186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83414.494942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82444.853135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85652.940299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83955.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81734.479186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83414.494942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82444.853135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3251                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               446.173844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.895109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598603730000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.875644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.871433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4448                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4449                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4448                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4449                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310851586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310851586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310851586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    310851586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310851586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    310851586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69885.698291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69869.990110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69885.698291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69869.990110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69885.698291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69869.990110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243279662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243279662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243279662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243279662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243279662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243279662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64667.640085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.640085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64667.640085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.640085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64667.640085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.640085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          122                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.040341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        6.032787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745850300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.905839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          865                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          865                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          138                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4533282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4533282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4533282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4533282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4533282                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4533282                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.137587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.137587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.137587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33579.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32849.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33579.866667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32849.869565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33579.866667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32849.869565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4104555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4104555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4104555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4104555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4104555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4104555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30404.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30404.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30404.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30404.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30404.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30404.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2510                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.286056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618758300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          804                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          804                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          804                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          804                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2520                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2527                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36665324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36665324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36665324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36665324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36665324                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36665324                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.758631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.758631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.758631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14549.731746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.427780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14549.731746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.427780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14549.731746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14509.427780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28882370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28882370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28882370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28882370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28882370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28882370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.257937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.257937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.257937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.257937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.257937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.257937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1405                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.630558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.523132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.898527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.732031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.720180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.721935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17366                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17367                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49683                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49684                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218191476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218191476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37107914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37107914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255299390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255299390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255299390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255299390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023230                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79835.885840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79806.684711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89849.670702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89632.642512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81150.473617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81098.916773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81150.473617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81098.916773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              655                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112775865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112775865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34625123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34625123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147400988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147400988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147400988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147400988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10650160                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10650160                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75083.798269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75083.798269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86346.940150                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86346.940150                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77457.166579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77457.166579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77457.166579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77457.166579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44487                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33260                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18155                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195325                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1486                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.872945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.344908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392751     86.39%     86.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2803      0.62%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2551      0.56%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3392      0.75%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5074      1.12%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3796      0.84%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5795      1.27%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2840      0.62%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35605      7.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381608                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108229                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54434                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       400645                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       907309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       907155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244305                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          156226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1049                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            337453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           299380                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113203                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          803                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.658547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.427572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343108     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37242      8.19%     83.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23924      5.26%     88.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18337      4.03%     92.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13056      2.87%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9799      2.16%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6390      1.41%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2288      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          463      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            708     47.64%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           391     26.31%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     26.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3210      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230328     76.93%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42518     14.20%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23314      7.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        299380                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341436                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1486                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004964                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1057502                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       452438                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5138                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18686                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9547                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92585                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       339147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1558                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290354                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40277                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29739                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22237                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331142                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187726                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298479                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325027                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628942                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122369                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.432687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359602     82.89%     82.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27442      6.33%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13762      3.17%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11660      2.69%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6807      1.57%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3397      0.78%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1959      0.45%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2798      0.64%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6404      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117867                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47656                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29829                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24035                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766384                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             699290                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117867                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.439114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.439114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562960                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311708                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127587                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.999383                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2999383252695                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10598446406205                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26327                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45771                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               26249160                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5270788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                114265.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3008259274                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5230073533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1727872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7046976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1342272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     97719872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    477203584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           585044160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     97719872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       97719872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    264855168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        264855168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        26998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1526873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7456306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9141315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4138362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4138362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       576076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2349475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     32579989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    159100570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              195054820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     32579989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          32579989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         88303210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              88303210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         88303210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       576076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2349475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       447516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     32579989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    159100570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             283358029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28971                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.960378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.780118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.180260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.986257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.011266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.997524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          28552                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            29018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           29018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2067483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19413483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4913046440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5545000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4918591440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4930392440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7612483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4938004923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4930392440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7612483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4938004923                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           77                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          29036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         29036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.972860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41104.265403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46988.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41659.834764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172508.653090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77013.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172267.842533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170590.008996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65624.853448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170170.408815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170590.008996                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65624.853448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170170.408815                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     31997500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3038                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10532.422646                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28527                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28527                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12184700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1522300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4569886976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4661500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4574548476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4582071676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6183800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4588255476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4582071676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6183800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4588255476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28873.696682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34597.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29414.163090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160459.514607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 64743.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160218.144999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158538.221438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53308.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158117.564133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158538.221438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53308.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158117.564133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          445                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1822720                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          445                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      30027844                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4013.898018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       127133649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      30031871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.233291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625661415600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          999.557100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.394412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.080523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    885.078428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1937.781622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.244032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.216084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.473091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46581290                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3851634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16773832                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     34723670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              101930426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        30755591                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             30755591                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1508095                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1508095                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8704901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              8704901                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46581290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3851634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16773832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     43428571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               110635327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46581290                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3851634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16773832                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     43428571                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              110635327                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218247                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6888071                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16706947                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24465985                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10621                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10621                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5484231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5484231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6888071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22191178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29950216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652720                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6888071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22191178                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29950216                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23072095561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6529058519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 273361501013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 716608634353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1019571289446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    248493209                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    248493209                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 372516058805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 372516058805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23072095561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6529058519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 273361501013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1089124693158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1392087348251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23072095561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6529058519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 273361501013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1089124693158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1392087348251                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47234010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23661903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51430617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          126396411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     30755591                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         30755591                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1518716                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1518716                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14189132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14189132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47234010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23661903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     65619749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           140585543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47234010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4069881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23661903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     65619749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          140585543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.291104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.193566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006993                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.006993                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.386509                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.386509                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.291104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.213039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.291104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.213039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35347.615457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29915.914166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39686.219990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.853754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41673.012121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23396.404199                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23396.404199                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67924.939487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67924.939487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35347.615457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29915.914166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39686.219990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49079.174308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46480.043692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35347.615457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29915.914166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39686.219990                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49079.174308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46480.043692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11073814                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11073814                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6888050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16706870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24465760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10621                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10621                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5484231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5484231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6888050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22191101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29949991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6888050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22191101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29949991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19519937560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5321080219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 234389669477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 623156828756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 882387516012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    863944723                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863944723                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 341837877580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 341837877580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19519937560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5321080219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 234389669477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 964994706336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1224225393592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19519937560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5321080219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 234389669477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 964994706336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1224225393592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    161086830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    161086830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    382117805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    382117805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    543204635                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    543204635                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.291103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006993                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006993                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.386509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.291103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.213037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.291103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29907.912691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24389.381859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34028.450647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37299.436026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36066.221365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81343.067790                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81343.067790                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62331.050165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62331.050165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29907.912691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24389.381859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34028.450647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43485.661497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40875.651468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29907.912691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24389.381859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34028.450647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43485.661497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40875.651468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9087531                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32219.270057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26423546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9120063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.897299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625535505076                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11010.116677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.050868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.029083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.004961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   522.419974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.833672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6375.776817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14180.037451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.336002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.194573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.432740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       542559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       197199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5361176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12429353                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18530287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11073814                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11073814                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1836                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1836                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2304966                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2304966                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       542559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       197199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5361176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14734319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20835253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       542559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       197199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5361176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14734319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20835253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1526874                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4277517                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5935473                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8942                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8942                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3179108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3179108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1526874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7456625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9114581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1526874                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7456625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9114581                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10265868821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1985334286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142684574037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 400461460695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   555397237839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     64635741                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     64635741                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295113018616                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 295113018616                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10265868821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1985334286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142684574037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 695574479311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    850510256455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10265868821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1985334286                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142684574037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 695574479311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   850510256455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6888050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16706870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24465760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11073814                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11073814                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10778                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10778                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5484074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5484074                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6888050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22190944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29949834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       652668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       218172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6888050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22190944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29949834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.242603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829653                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.829653                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.579698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.304328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.304328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93233.694076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94661.435465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93448.820294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93620.074612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93572.532103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7228.331581                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7228.331581                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92828.874834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92828.874834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93233.694076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94661.435465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93448.820294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93282.749141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93313.149168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93233.694076                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94661.435465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93448.820294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93282.749141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93313.149168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4109835                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4109835                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1526874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4277517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5935473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8942                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8942                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3179108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3179108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1526874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7456625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9114581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       110109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1526874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7456625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9114581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8721620310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1692131087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121156619111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 340225711555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 471796082063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    700127102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    700127102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249553825476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 249553825476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8721620310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1692131087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121156619111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 589779537031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 721349907539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8721620310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1692131087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 121156619111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 589779537031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 721349907539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    143678786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143678786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    335886588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    335886588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    479565374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    479565374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829653                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829653                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.304328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79208.968477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80681.404043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79349.454579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79538.131948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79487.528974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78296.477522                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78296.477522                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78498.064701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78498.064701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79208.968477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80681.404043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79349.454579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79094.702634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79142.410116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79208.968477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80681.404043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79349.454579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79094.702634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79142.410116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          766                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         13                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    6716                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        31                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2518                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2043                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     4673                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  15                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23662005                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               741358810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23662517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.330514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    741350435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      741350435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    741350435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       741350435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    741350435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      741350435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25502689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25502689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25502689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25502689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25502689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25502689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 626013557779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 626013557779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 626013557779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 626013557779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 626013557779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 626013557779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    766853124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    766853124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    766853124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    766853124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    766853124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    766853124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24546.962784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24546.962784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24546.962784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24546.962784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24546.962784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24546.962784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     16081475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            396                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40609.785354                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1840563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1840563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1840563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1840563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1840563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1840563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23662126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23662126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23662126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23662126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23662126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23662126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 480921920188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 480921920188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 480921920188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 480921920188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 480921920188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 480921920188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20324.543965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20324.543965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20324.543965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20324.543965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20324.543965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20324.543965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4070178                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13794962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4070194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.389264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13794712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13794712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13794712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13794712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13794712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13794712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4070383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4070383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4070383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4070383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4070383                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4070383                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63967446154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63967446154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63967446154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63967446154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63967446154                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63967446154                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17865095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17865095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17865095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17865095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17865095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17865095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15715.338373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15715.338373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15715.338373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15715.338373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15715.338373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15715.338373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3939                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3939                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4070383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4070383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4070383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4070383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4070383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4070383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51144027468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51144027468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51144027468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51144027468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51144027468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51144027468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12564.917716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12564.917716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12564.917716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12564.917716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12564.917716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12564.917716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     47246513                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      94195159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     47246529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.993695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94194766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     94194766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94194766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     94194766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94194766                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     94194766                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47257151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     47257151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47257151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     47257151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47257151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     47257151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 592666488034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 592666488034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 592666488034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 592666488034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 592666488034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 592666488034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141451917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    141451917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141451917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    141451917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141451917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    141451917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.334086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.334086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.334086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12541.308045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12541.308045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12541.308045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12541.308045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12541.308045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12541.308045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        35144                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        35144                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47257151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47257151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47257151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47257151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47257151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47257151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 445189860880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 445189860880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 445189860880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 445189860880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 445189860880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 445189860880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9420.581890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9420.581890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9420.581890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9420.581890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9420.581890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9420.581890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              65619437                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1487620962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              65619949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.670255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1096775535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1096775535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    389065946                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     389065946                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1485841481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1485841481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1485841481                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1485841481                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     80686439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     80686439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15753419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15753419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     96439858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      96439858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     96439858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     96439858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2367824595584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2367824595584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 569304168510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 569304168510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2937128764094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2937128764094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2937128764094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2937128764094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1177461974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1177461974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    404819365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    404819365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582281339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1582281339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582281339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1582281339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29346.004421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29346.004421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36138.451501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36138.451501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30455.548411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30455.548411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30455.548411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30455.548411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     30716508                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         30716508                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29238669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     29238669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        73126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        73126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29311795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     29311795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29311795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     29311795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     51447770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     51447770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15680293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15680293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     67128063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     67128063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     67128063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     67128063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1135476176850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1135476176850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 509611715806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 509611715806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1645087892656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645087892656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1645087892656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1645087892656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    168016541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    168016541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    399491555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    399491555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    567508096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    567508096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22070.464412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22070.464412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32500.139877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32500.139877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24506.708806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24506.708806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24506.708806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24506.708806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9007156915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       892997021                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    892997021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     96468368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    645887311                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       523277726                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2929185895                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4953756910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          892997021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    523277726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1466383845                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      512745788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         126695064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2818585094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       149704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2890272                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5115                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        766853474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     47629925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1903649                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7758212378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.119140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.560935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6316082714     81.41%     81.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        89735099      1.16%     82.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        86728153      1.12%     83.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       131908280      1.70%     85.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4       100416947      1.29%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       120645858      1.56%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        90952677      1.17%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       100942982      1.30%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       720799668      9.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7758212378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.549980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3036886596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2898687413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1351048767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     57272213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     414317389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8475724453                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     414317389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3161344808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2344992194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     49110853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1273068781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    515378353                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8239259422                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4665053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      89884769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    397578242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2588031                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9225314631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20775729493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20705062019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     70667474                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5914776341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3310538259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2495970                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2500661                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1118218840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1603948849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    643279593                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    104284271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     70917210                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7873837512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5024934                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6861994036                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     15974762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2561662707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3833840976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2169299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7758212378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.884481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.503208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4962268333     63.96%     63.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1011781357     13.04%     77.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    703887265      9.07%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    432206737      5.57%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    300239786      3.87%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    194993368      2.51%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    107283824      1.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     38224654      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7327054      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7758212378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9557190     29.52%     29.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        49083      0.15%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13580386     41.94%     71.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9191733     28.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     47119193      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4917007813     71.66%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11282271      0.16%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1359307026     19.81%     92.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    527277733      7.68%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6861994036                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.761838                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32378392                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004719                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21525177004                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10404391144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6635547959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42958751                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     37389902                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19822034                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6825851681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21401554                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    146096073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    548606000                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1195209                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1315329                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    238466622                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       331289                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          816                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     414317389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1654988994                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     35928534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7878862446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45907682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1603948849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    643279617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4406519                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      13897554                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4359068                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1315329                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     66349476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     37558097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    103907573                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6750804170                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1323934207                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    111189864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1841160164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       647129093                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         517225957                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.749493                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6675965148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6655369993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4668158635                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7239985368                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.738898                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644775                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2668367680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2855635                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     96798022                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7344390218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.709966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.766249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5730553812     78.03%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    554360896      7.55%     85.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    251389950      3.42%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    305161377      4.16%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    112854340      1.54%     94.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     65553761      0.89%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49480256      0.67%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34713814      0.47%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    240322012      3.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7344390218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999759604                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5214265422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1460155851                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1055342848                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             248344                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         547342831                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15523499                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5182318302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    240322012                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         14986037532                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16181284947                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25261855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1248944537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999759604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5214265422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999759604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.002626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.002626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.333042                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.333042                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13100211429                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7399599409                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18939413                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14718358                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3254851051                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2351458                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       176552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        78107560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        13310665                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           91678169                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     78107560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      78107560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1454                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9574082                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10808432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        22069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9763445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2060817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11856526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              60                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1288126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1307450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        58863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        26187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           26041207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            4437801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              30565673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      26041207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         26041207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       411050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           3192017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3603551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       411853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        58863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        26187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          26041207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           7629818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             34169225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         766                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        13                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   6716                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       31                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2518                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    4673                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2043                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 16                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9003713841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7423873                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13901793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13845507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9589                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1067500                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13845507                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9589                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          35809050                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15893900                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14503                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6110                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3356411                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2065241                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1291170                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             8987475332.270390                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             16238508.729610                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001804                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998196                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
