
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 112488                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62933502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518103                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        919823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    430987069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225429200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              978111023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    430987069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         431649447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    430987069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225429200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1285454261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.150948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083049024000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.150948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.571934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.571934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249269824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249269824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250195824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250195824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250195824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250195824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177038.227273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177038.227273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174962.114685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1715100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11065.161290                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232302584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232302584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232961084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232961084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232961084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232961084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164987.630682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164987.630682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162909.848951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1293                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1443.789911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.104408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          111.120083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.274468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.272378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.919029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.098878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.935661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    982.201832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    322.967582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.027129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.239795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.078850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.352488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1755                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             616                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  616                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1755                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4567                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3236                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3175844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       553336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212099387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75885114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291713681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34225881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34225881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3175844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       553336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212099387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110110995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       325939562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3175844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       553336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212099387                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110110995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      325939562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          616                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              616                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.647107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.418304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.834975                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.439081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.439081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88217.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50303.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89042.563812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95573.191436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90146.378554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101862.741071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100961.300885                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88217.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50303.272727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89042.563812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97443.358407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91171.905455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88217.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 50303.272727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89042.563812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97443.358407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91171.905455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       493328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198869645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71536842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273878007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32359380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32359380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       493328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198869645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103896222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306237387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       493328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198869645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103896222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306237387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7506260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7506260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11324873                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11324873                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.647107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.575780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82727.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83488.515953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90096.778338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84976.111387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96307.678571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96307.678571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82727.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83488.515953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91943.559292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86045.908120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82727.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83488.515953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91943.559292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86045.908120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1749.311804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           25.865352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.043090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.728346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1240.869084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    443.806074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2773972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185475883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67360550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      255980533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30992657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30992657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2773972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185475883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98353207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286973190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2773972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185475883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98353207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286973190                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.830964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.988131                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.845788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.845788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95654.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.382684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97482.706223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95195.438081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93917.142424                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93071.042042                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95654.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.382684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96330.271303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94961.346790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95654.206897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95018.382684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96330.271303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94961.346790                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2370648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158030708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57739277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218454233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26279840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26279840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2370648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158030708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84019117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244734073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2370648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158030708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84019117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244734073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.905142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81746.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80958.354508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83559.011577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81634.616218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79635.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79635.878788                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81746.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80958.354508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82291.005877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81415.193945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81746.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80958.354508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82291.005877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81415.193945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3628                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               434.479420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.770397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083158398000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.218810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   434.260610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.848165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.848593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20252                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299733662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299733662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299733662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299733662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299733662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299733662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62185.407054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.726519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62185.407054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.726519                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62185.407054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.726519                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234717876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234717876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234717876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234717876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234717876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234717876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56736.252357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.252357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56736.252357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           98                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.065104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           98                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.345278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.719826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.544989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          218                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1860661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1860661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1860661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1860661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1860661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1860661                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18241.774510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17070.284404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18241.774510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17070.284404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18241.774510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17070.284404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1538580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1538580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1538580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.318750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15084.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15084.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15084.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2245                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.097743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.006941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.812934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30191240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30191240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30191240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30191240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30191240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30191240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13388.576497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13353.047324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13388.576497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13353.047324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13388.576497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13353.047324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23260079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23260079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23260079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23260079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23260079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23260079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10314.890909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10314.890909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10314.890909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               370.476836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.634061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.721413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   369.755423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.722179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.723588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26729                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26730                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15929                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15933                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42663                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          438                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146346409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146346409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38424430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38424430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184770839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184770839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184770839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184770839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026933                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70630.506274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70630.506274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87727.009132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87130.226757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73613.880080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73526.000398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73613.880080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73526.000398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82981012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82981012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35737485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35737485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118718497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118718497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118718497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118718497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11778234                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11778234                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67574.114007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67574.114007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84485.780142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.780142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71907.024228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772817                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37487                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28159                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14885                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       174607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                181470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           41                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          407                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       407484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.822462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.286695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          355388     87.22%     87.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2453      0.60%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1947      0.48%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2866      0.70%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3784      0.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3700      0.91%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5135      1.26%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1939      0.48%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30272      7.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       407484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.234816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          170088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            47826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        322242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          174237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            45959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        306335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       336214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       757606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       757516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       208784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          954                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          965                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29841                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39129                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2176                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            285183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           255644                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        92914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       132960                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          823                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       407484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.627372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.401464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       312575     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31596      7.75%     84.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19863      4.87%     89.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16126      3.96%     93.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11184      2.74%     96.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8450      2.07%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5308      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1946      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          436      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       407484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            523     40.61%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     31.06%     71.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          365     28.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2826      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       196794     76.98%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        34752     13.59%     91.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21262      8.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        255644                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.330795                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1288                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005038                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       922256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       379820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       243710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        254092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14453                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8038                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94415                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       286798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39129                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           285                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           95                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       248406                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        32950                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53270                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25279                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20320                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.321429                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                244400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               243719                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           158535                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           248556                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.315364                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637824                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       100814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          792                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       390155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.397813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       325930     83.54%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        23921      6.13%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12166      3.12%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9890      2.53%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5843      1.50%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2950      0.76%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1660      0.43%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2437      0.62%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5358      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       390155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102369                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        185928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41087                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24674                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20249                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              671412                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             591019                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 365333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97615                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               185928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.549326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.549326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          478142                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         265235                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         108471                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           630                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.069013                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60069012636888                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65152520261667                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43526                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83908                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1660188959                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4766492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36182.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1574843476                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3035971657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3303808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            99008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       115008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2160768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     48086912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            53800704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2160768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2160768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     35582208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         35582208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        51622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        33762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       751358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               840636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         555972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              555972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        55000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        35971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       800528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 895648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             35971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           592355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                592355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           592355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        55000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        35971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       800528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1488004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   290712                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.869255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   290727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.042209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.827046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.926690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.929328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            175                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               175                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            14                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               14                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               189                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       420626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          424124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        23309                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          72461                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        443935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           496585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52650                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       443935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          496585                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    506187664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  48482279827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48988467491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8624414856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    996589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9621003856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9130602520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  49478868827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  58609471347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9130602520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  49478868827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  58609471347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       420801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        424299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        23323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       444124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         496774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       444124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        496774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999807                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144707.736993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115262.204017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115505.058641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175464.169434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42755.545068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132774.925215                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173420.750617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111455.210396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118025.053812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173420.750617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111455.210396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118025.053812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    413103936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               48564                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8506.382011                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          53142                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               53142                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       420626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       424124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        23309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        72461                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       443935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       496585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       443935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       496585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    463910600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43408872924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43872783524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8031975892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    703294600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8735270492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8495886492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44112167524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52608054016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8495886492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  44112167524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52608054016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999807                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132621.669525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103200.641244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103443.293763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163410.967855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30172.662920                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120551.337851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161365.365470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99366.275522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105939.676019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161365.365470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99366.275522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105939.676019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          768                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3145728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          768                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      12417021                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2864.195799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        45403814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      12419818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.655755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          959.614825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   111.108403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.921071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    849.215822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    943.335677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.234281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.207328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.230307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.699267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19436228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9931505                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7108541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               36784657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11047217                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             11047217                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1396710                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1396710                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1769084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1769084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19436228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9931505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8877625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                38553741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19436228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9931505                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8877625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               38553741                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3833425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5689790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              9988094                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            18                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 18                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       130629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            130629                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2042798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2042798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3833425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7732588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              12030892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3833425                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7732588                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             12030892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9855185400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    206387511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87391284545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167488836460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   264941693916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2284920587                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2284920587                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93234372479                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  93234372479                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9855185400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    206387511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87391284545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 260723208939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    358176066395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9855185400                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    206387511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87391284545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 260723208939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   358176066395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19893727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13764930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12798331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           46772751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11047235                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         11047235                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1527339                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1527339                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3811882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3811882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19893727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13764930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16610213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            50584633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19893727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13764930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16610213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           50584633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.213545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085527                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.085527                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.535903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.535903                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.237837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.237837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21541.435938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27965.787398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22797.181253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29436.734301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26525.750951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17491.679390                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17491.679390                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45640.524652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45640.524652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21541.435938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27965.787398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22797.181253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33717.457718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29771.364118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21541.435938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27965.787398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22797.181253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33717.457718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29771.364118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5762467                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5762467                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                91                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3833409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5689790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9988003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           18                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       130629                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       130629                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2042798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2042798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3833409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7732588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         12030801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3833409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7732588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        12030801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7412436135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166243479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  65635138754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136063269797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 209277088165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8973677040                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8973677040                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81687317295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81687317295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7412436135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166243479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  65635138754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217750587092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 290964405460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7412436135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    166243479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  65635138754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217750587092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 290964405460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8896941444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8896941444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12229457546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12229457546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21126398990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21126398990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085527                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085527                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.535903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.237835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16203.321212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22648.975341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17121.872139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23913.583770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20952.845946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68695.902441                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68695.902441                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39987.956369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39987.956369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16203.321212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22648.975341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17121.872139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28160.117556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24184.957050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16203.321212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22648.975341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17121.872139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28160.117556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24184.957050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        758557                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32346.233847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        14952500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        790943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         18.904649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18577.479790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.002374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   141.132349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    27.615787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2338.613472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11255.389482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.566940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.071369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.343487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       455667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3799646                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5216286                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                9478389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5762485                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5762485                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33256                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               33256                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1427728                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1427728                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       455667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3799646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6644014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10906117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       455667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3799646                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6644014                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10906117                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33763                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       473504                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               509614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       323244                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            323244                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       389199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             389199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       862703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                898813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33763                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       862703                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               898813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    166884894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51108097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3163209571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43670011496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47051214058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    954930823                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    954930823                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35937626796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35937626796                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    166884894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51108097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3163209571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79607638292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     82988840854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    166884894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51108097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3163209571                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79607638292                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    82988840854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3833409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5689790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            9988003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5762485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5762485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       356500                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          356500                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1816927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1816927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3833409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7506717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            11804930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3833409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7506717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           11804930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.051023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906715                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.906715                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.214207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.214207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.076139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.076139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92868.611018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92923.812727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93688.640553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92227.333868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92327.161456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2954.210513                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2954.210513                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92337.407845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92337.407845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92868.611018                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92923.812727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93688.640553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92276.992536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92331.598290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92868.611018                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92923.812727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93688.640553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92276.992536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92331.598290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              502830                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   502830                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       473504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          509614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       323244                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       323244                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       389199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        389199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       862703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           898813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        33763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       862703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          898813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141674619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43394825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2687082941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37024230023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39896382408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24502055673                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24502055673                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30322807393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30322807393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141674619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43394825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2687082941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67347037416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70219189801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141674619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43394825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2687082941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67347037416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70219189801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7978887175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7978887175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10872506304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10872506304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18851393479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18851393479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906715                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906715                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.214207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.076139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.074932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78839.520868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78899.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79586.616740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78192.011098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78287.453657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75800.496445                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75800.496445                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77910.804994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77910.804994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78839.520868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78899.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79586.616740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78065.148047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78124.359351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78839.520868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78899.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79586.616740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78065.148047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78124.359351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24980441                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68140                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      19304                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        318                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   243                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 19116                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3335974                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19622                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    25048581                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           327                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3326899                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9075                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            321                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19361                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13764933                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               140366830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13765445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.197043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140361220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      140361220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140361220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       140361220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    140361220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      140361220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14493442                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14493442                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14493442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      14493442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14493442                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     14493442                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 259773772824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 259773772824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 259773772824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 259773772824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 259773772824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 259773772824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154854662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    154854662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154854662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    154854662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    154854662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    154854662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17923.538993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17923.538993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17923.538993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17923.538993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17923.538993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17923.538993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       360752                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36075.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       728486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       728486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       728486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       728486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       728486                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       728486                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13764956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13764956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13764956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13764956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13764956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13764956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199575753867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 199575753867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199575753867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 199575753867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 199575753867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 199575753867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14498.829772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14498.829772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14498.829772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14498.829772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14498.829772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14498.829772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       321213                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        373010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       321229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.161197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083943019300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       372671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       372671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       372671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       321419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       321419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       321419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6194537017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6194537017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6194537017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6194537017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6194537017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6194537017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       694090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       694090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       694090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       694090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       694090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       694090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.463080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.463080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.463080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.463080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.463080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.463080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19272.466833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19272.466833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19272.466833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19272.466833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19272.466833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19272.466833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        12843                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        12843                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       321419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       321419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       321419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5216749011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5216749011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5216749011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5216749011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5216749011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5216749011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.463080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.463080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.463080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16230.369116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16230.369116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16230.369116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16230.369116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16230.369116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16230.369116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20467975                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      11224142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20467991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.548375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11223824                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     11223824                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11223824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     11223824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11223824                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     11223824                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20469517                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20469517                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20469517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20469517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20469517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20469517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 244122217947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 244122217947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 244122217947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 244122217947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 244122217947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 244122217947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31693341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31693341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31693341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     31693341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31693341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     31693341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.645862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.645862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.645862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11926.134747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11926.134747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11926.134747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11926.134747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11926.134747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11926.134747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       177913                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       177913                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20469517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20469517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20469517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20469517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20469517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20469517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 181587692387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 181587692387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 181587692387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 181587692387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 181587692387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 181587692387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8871.127364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8871.127364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8871.127364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8871.127364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8871.127364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8871.127364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16588039                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.765666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               255605879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16588550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.408573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.765666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148666525                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148666525                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    105336766                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     105336766                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    254003291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       254003291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    254003291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      254003291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25270372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     25270372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5367766                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5367766                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30638138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      30638138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30638138                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     30638138                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 769038087377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 769038087377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 159513321979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 159513321979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 928551409356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 928551409356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 928551409356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 928551409356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    173936897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173936897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    110704532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    110704532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    284641429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    284641429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    284641429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    284641429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30432.400733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30432.400733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29716.891902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29716.891902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30307.044421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30307.044421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30307.044421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30307.044421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10856479                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         10856479                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12461868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12461868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        50102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12511970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12511970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12511970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12511970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12808504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12808504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5317664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5317664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18126168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18126168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18126168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18126168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295204022633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 295204022633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 137856699073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137856699073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 433060721706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 433060721706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 433060721706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 433060721706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9261790888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9261790888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12722324343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12722324343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21984115231                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21984115231                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23047.502084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23047.502084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25924.296660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25924.296660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23891.465736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23891.465736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23891.465736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23891.465736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2557563058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       208378197                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    208378197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     23237356                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131551738                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        93565247                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    866320031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             951376566                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          208378197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     93565247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            315294789                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       79821525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           8672654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1129343760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4100072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1286948                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          177                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        154854670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     14403215                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          82717                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2380976012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.800496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.248772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2071497033     87.00%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        24290482      1.02%     88.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15767745      0.66%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19795301      0.83%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21964256      0.92%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19958697      0.84%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17594265      0.74%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23331922      0.98%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       166776311      7.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2380976012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.081475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.371986                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       837191152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1183715621                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        292964343                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11147315                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      55957581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1875924427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      55957581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       871617911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      820472708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    240158366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        268583099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    124186347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1832096557                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1733003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50950412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     61929116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2570088                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2049010748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4665684363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4361636501                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304047862                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1552655273                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       496355467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3677308                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3793491                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        285772915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    206808062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    130155918                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15304768                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13940536                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1673958007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6423283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1571039620                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9365873                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    279191753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    411527835                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1926937                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2380976012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.357807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1729417301     72.63%     72.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    255155363     10.72%     83.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    157820985      6.63%     89.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     90736483      3.81%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62470511      2.62%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     45118363      1.89%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30867221      1.30%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7762627      0.33%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1627158      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2380976012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3354723     38.58%     38.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12645      0.15%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3054124     35.12%     73.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2274947     26.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33170436      2.11%      2.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1131580263     72.03%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90771669      5.78%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    194122259     12.36%     92.27% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    121394993      7.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1571039620                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.614272                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8696439                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005535                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5333539271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1812291880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1435983374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215891640                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147452505                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105816282                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1438655037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107910586                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15905215                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     37491541                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       192913                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       185384                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     20182082                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       116092                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      55957581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      620938710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10843777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1680381290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     54848730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    206808062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    130155918                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4362520                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5788906                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       824006                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       185384                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7153507                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18702006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25855513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1549436643                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    189691300                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21602977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           309772557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158653672                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         120081257                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.605825                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1542875462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1541799656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1029914992                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1775410273                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.602839                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580100                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    305495960                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4496346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23346359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2325347075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.591252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.628339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1887838168     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152672504      6.57%     87.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90854766      3.91%     91.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63680156      2.74%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26121517      1.12%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17191403      0.74%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13965453      0.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8976790      0.39%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     64046318      2.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2325347075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    689046087                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1374866379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             279290362                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            169316519                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1575722                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         143477198                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91271570                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1300618687                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     64046318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3940896298                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3417668742                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7532722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              176587046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177829206539                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          689046087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1374866379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    689046087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.711745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.711745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.269415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.269415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3130718717                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1612543125                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185277749                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96635139                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      614585414                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3183510                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          385996                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73408120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77642832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9356799664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1867669412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11376020368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9356799664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9356799664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     25298297                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1206581707                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1233694532                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            21065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9176015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9705354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1169599958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260950446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1449455035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          421993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       157053663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157504008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1222063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155767496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31092061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189382510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155767496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155767496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            421154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20086591                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20537953                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            427580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1222063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155767496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51178652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209920462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68140                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24980441                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       318                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     19304                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                19116                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3335974                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19622                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   25048581                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          327                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9075                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3326899                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           321                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14561                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180387418118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 884736935                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1659229481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1652432659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               443065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111941040                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1652432659                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      443065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4207961481                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1823514512                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             719119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            365341                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   418672193                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 261256540                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157415653                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178443213077.203613                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1944205040.796377                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
