
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64064                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114046                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35438281                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      527268                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        938641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425686508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225569964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              970740779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425686508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         426344786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425686508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225569964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1276181820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.489673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001368103000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.489673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.593105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.593105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245350824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245350824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246270824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246270824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246270824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246270824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174254.846591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174254.846591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172217.359441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172217.359441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172217.359441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172217.359441                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1659700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10639.102564                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       651800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       651800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228385992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228385992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229037792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229037792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229037792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229037792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29627.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29627.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162205.960227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162205.960227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160166.288112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160166.288112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160166.288112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160166.288112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1235                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1468.587517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.936032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           68.272645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.202985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.285670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.936283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.073859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.866989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.376000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    995.636945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    374.936141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.243075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.091537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.358542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             486                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  486                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          492                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4529                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          907                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3314                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3245567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       708084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210164952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86477049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      300595652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24192343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24192343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3245567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       708084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210164952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110669392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324787995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3245567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       708084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210164952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110669392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324787995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.584995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.685563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.426677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760252                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.761755                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.584995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.439896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.584995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.439896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83219.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70808.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89546.208777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95344.045204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90704.783343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100383.165975                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99556.967078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83219.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70808.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89546.208777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96401.909408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91309.529098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83219.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70808.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89546.208777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96401.909408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91309.529098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3032835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       653047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    197141455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81496548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282323885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22855919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22855919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3032835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       653047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    197141455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104352467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305179804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3032835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       653047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    197141455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104352467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305179804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7518845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7518845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11336418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11336418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.584995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.685563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.584995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.438288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.584995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        77765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65304.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83997.211334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89852.864388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85474.987890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94837.838174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94837.838174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        77765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65304.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83997.211334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90899.361498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86111.682844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        77765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65304.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83997.211334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90899.361498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86111.682844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1808.244498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.938981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.135329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.240362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1242.364852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    516.565068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    531                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              68                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   68                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2775719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184158496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77020174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      264527036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21754967                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21754967                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2775719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184158496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98775141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286282003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2775719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572647                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184158496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98775141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286282003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           68                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               68                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.743590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.839771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.966805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.743590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.848383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.743590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.848383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95714.448276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95441.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94927.059794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96637.608532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95051.037010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94177.346320                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93368.957082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95714.448276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95441.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94927.059794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96084.767510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.088528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95714.448276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95441.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94927.059794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96084.767510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.088528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2373919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156888590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     65879843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225631199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18473814                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18473814                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2373919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156888590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84353657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244105013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2373919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156888590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84353657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244105013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6720600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6720600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10121400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10121400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.743590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.743590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.844726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.743590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81859.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81474.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80870.407216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82659.777917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81396.536436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79973.220779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79973.220779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81859.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81474.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80870.407216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82056.086576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81287.050616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81859.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81474.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80870.407216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82056.086576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81287.050616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3503                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               434.829480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.468456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001464392000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.254191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   434.575289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.848780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.849276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22090                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22076                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22090                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4728                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4725                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4728                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298732450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298732450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298732450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298732450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298732450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298732450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.176300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.176300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.176299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.176300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63223.798942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63183.682318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63223.798942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63183.682318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63223.798942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63183.682318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232364583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232364583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232364583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232364583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232364583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232364583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57917.393569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57917.393569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57917.393569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57917.393569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57917.393569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57917.393569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.426170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.881188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.258863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.167307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.635457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.651636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          431                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          434                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2267222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2267222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2267222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2267222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2267222                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2267222                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.206581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.206581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.206581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20611.109091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20063.911504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20611.109091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20063.911504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20611.109091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20063.911504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1925295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1925295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1925295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1925295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1925295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1925295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17502.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17502.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17502.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17502.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17502.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17502.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2300                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.863989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.817953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30900412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30900412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30900412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30900412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30900412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30900412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.874953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.874953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.874953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13376.801732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13342.146805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13376.801732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13342.146805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13376.801732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13342.146805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23805973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23805973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23805973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23805973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23805973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23805973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10305.616017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10305.616017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10305.616017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10305.616017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10305.616017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10305.616017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1154                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               362.587604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   27160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.535529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.933953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   361.653651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.706355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.708179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15326                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15329                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2511                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2857                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2861                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194994615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194994615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27875164                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27875164                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222869779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222869779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222869779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222869779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77656.158901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77594.355352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80564.057803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80101.045977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78008.323066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77899.258651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78008.323066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77899.258651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              486                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93935176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93935176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25662775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25662775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119597951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119597951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119597951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119597951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3985361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3985361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7803981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7803981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11789342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11789342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71001.644747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71001.644747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76834.655689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76834.655689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72177.399517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72177.399517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72177.399517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72177.399517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  777946                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           40472                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        40472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30177                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16340                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178281                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                190694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              40472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                56642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        147259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           32                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          831                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26801                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             40                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.880253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.350883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          348049     86.25%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2699      0.67%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2072      0.51%     87.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2907      0.72%     88.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4515      1.12%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4020      1.00%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5359      1.33%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2091      0.52%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31839      7.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245125                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          177459                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       154574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            50394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        341995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          83091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        59414                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        325359                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       358876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       810099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       810022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           77                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       226203                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          132568                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          965                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            31322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        41744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        23883                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            303229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           271331                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1549                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        96867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       142108                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          821                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.672359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       302783     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33364      8.27%     83.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21136      5.24%     88.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17288      4.28%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11974      2.97%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8872      2.20%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5764      1.43%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1969      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          401      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            642     47.14%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           372     27.31%     74.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          348     25.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2912      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       210758     77.68%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37056     13.66%     92.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20595      7.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        271331                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.348779                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1362                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005020                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       949962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       401842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       258987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        269767                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4338                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15002                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8158                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           33                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          72728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       304880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        41744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        23883                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          148                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7349                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       263814                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35263                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54863                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27501                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19600                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.339116                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                259773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               258996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           170768                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           270781                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.332923                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630650                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       104696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          830                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       385664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.473154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       318706     82.64%     82.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24139      6.26%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12317      3.19%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10403      2.70%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6133      1.59%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3407      0.88%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1741      0.45%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2439      0.63%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6379      1.65%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       385664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       108941                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        200100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42450                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                26733                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22446                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           198253                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              683942                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             627745                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2638                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 374395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97694                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             108941                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               200100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       108941                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.140985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.140985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          512701                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         283610                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         114493                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           668                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97568861472                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099401825658                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26518                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48365                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28802657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4597116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3387.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89828832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163836579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1130240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6026496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19406400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28398720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6026496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6026496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11872000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11872000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        94164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       303225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               443730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16918185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11584024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1100679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       794352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     61766591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    198899523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              291063353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61766591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          61766591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        121678165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             121678165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        121678165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16918185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11584024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1100679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       794352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     61766591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    198899523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             412741518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44901                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.597042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.620824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.976218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.288802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.623514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.912315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             54                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                54                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             57                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                57                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43599                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125561031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142737031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4566214760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1700091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6266305760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4583390760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1825652031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6409042791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4583390760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1825652031                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6409042791                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43602                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.979358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42409.876543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58210.955494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55713.126854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176165.692901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96164.432377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143725.905640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174107.911111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92037.307471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138841.073439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174107.911111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92037.307471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138841.073439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32382800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2920                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11090                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42971                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42971                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12204600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111131100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4253830952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1486632100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5740463052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4266035552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585558600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5851594152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4266035552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1585558600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5851594152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30134.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45863.004172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43376.697892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164113.848457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84090.282256                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131665.016445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162052.632555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79933.383747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126764.891402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162052.632555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79933.383747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126764.891402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1501506                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3327.334481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2494873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1504573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.658193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          678.222571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    72.327709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.322175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1414.946617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1130.515408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.165582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.345446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.276005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.812338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367820                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46472                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       624041                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       773282                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1811615                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          910928                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               910928                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44995                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               44995                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        70481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                70481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       624041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       843763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1882096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46472                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       624041                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       843763                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1882096                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       537721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1271414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4796                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4796                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       185777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             185777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       723498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1457191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679607                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       723498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1457191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    922793406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    521385112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22596132392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27834554775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    51874865685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    200022488                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    200022488                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13238474165                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13238474165                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    922793406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    521385112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22596132392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41073028940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     65113339850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    922793406                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    521385112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22596132392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41073028940                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    65113339850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1303648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1311003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3083029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       910928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           910928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49791                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           49791                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       256258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           256258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1303648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1567261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3339287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        65426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1303648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1567261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3339287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.289701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.412391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.096323                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.724961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.724961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.289701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.436378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.289701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.436378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26266.463794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27507.919806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33248.822322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51763.934782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40800.923763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41706.106756                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41706.106756                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71260.027694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71260.027694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26266.463794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27507.919806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33248.822322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56770.065626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44684.149058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26266.463794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27507.919806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33248.822322                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56770.065626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44684.149058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              388429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   388429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       537720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1271330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4796                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4796                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       185777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        185777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       723497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1457107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       679602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       723497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1457107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    731011035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    416718481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18753407289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24854443630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44755580435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    303373703                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303373703                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12201983979                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12201983979                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    731011035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    416718481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18753407289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37056427609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56957564414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    731011035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    416718481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18753407289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37056427609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56957564414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    257175864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    257175864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    415483529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    415483529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    672659393                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    672659393                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.289059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.096323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096323                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.724961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.289059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.436353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.087097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.289059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20828.898877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22034.606652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27594.691141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46221.906624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35203.747599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63255.567765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63255.567765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65680.810752                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65680.810752                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20828.898877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22034.606652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27594.691141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51218.495182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39089.486506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20828.898877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22034.606652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27594.691141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51218.495182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39089.486506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        373155                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30810.430737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1260555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        405432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.109165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8654.671409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.135012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.159396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.270554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.903405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    88.669212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9584.336728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12330.285022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.264120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.292491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.376290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.940260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33418                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17701                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       585435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       344885                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 981439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          388429                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               388429                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1613                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1613                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        73213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                73213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       585435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       418098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1054652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33418                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        17701                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       585435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       418098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1054652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       192835                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               289891                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3601                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3601                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112146                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112146                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       304981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                402037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       304981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               402037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157312151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113407556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8803251089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17987116300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27061087096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122661873                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    122661873                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10602455883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10602455883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157312151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113407556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8803251089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28589572183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37663542979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157312151                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113407556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8803251089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28589572183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37663542979                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       679602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       537720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1271330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       388429                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           388429                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5214                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5214                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       185359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           185359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       679602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       723079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1456689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        35096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       679602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       723079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1456689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.228022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690641                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.690641                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.605021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.605021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.275994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.275994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93749.792014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93647.857969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93485.521350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.238572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93349.179850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34063.280478                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34063.280478                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94541.543015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94541.543015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93749.792014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93647.857969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93485.521350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93742.141914                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93681.782968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93749.792014                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93647.857969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93485.521350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93742.141914                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93681.782968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              142530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   142530                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       192835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3601                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3601                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112146                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           402037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          402037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133801936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96400398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7476034576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15274202224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22980439134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254578245                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254578245                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9011531644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9011531644                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133801936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96400398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7476034576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24285733868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31991970778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133801936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96400398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7476034576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24285733868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31991970778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229381957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229381957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    370684142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370684142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    600066099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    600066099                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690641                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690641                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.605021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.605021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.275994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.047812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79738.936830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79603.962015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.236590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79208.661415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79272.689162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70696.541239                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70696.541239                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80355.355019                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80355.355019                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79738.936830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79603.962015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.236590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79630.317521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79574.692822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79738.936830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79603.962015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.236590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79630.317521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79574.692822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                87037851                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12309                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2465131                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 84572720                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4428                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7882                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 494                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1303649                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12079116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1304161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.261982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12073955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12073955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12073955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12073955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12073955                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12073955                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1462206                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1462206                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1462206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1462206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1462206                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1462206                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39113614813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39113614813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39113614813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  39113614813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39113614813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  39113614813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13536161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13536161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13536161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13536161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13536161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13536161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.108022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.108022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.108022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26749.729390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26749.729390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26749.729390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26749.729390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26749.729390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26749.729390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5065179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33323.546053                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       158550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       158550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       158550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       158550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       158550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       158550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1303656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1303656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1303656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1303656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1303656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1303656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29384151230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29384151230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29384151230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29384151230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29384151230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29384151230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22539.804389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22539.804389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22539.804389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22539.804389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22539.804389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22539.804389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        67454                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.678755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        351016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        67469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.202626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002281524300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.678755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.979922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.979922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       350457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       350457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       350457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        70605                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        70605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        70605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1252911158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1252911158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1252911158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1252911158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1252911158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1252911158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       421062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       421062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       421062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       421062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.167683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.167683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.167683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17745.360215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17745.360215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17745.360215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17745.360215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17745.360215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17745.360215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         9043                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         9043                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1020412177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020412177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1020412177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020412177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1020412177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020412177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14452.406728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14452.406728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14452.406728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14452.406728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14452.406728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14452.406728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       412592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.868333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1771897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       412608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.294384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.868333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1771449                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1771449                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1771449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1771449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1771449                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1771449                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       415747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       415747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415747                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       415747                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6318985576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6318985576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6318985576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6318985576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6318985576                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6318985576                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2187196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2187196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2187196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2187196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15199.112864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15199.112864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15199.112864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15199.112864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15199.112864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15199.112864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       139992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       139992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       415747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       415747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       415747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4975220479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4975220479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4975220479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4975220479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4975220479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4975220479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11966.942585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11966.942585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11966.942585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11966.942585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11966.942585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11966.942585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1568034                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.684261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24499261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1568546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.619090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.684261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15644336                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15644336                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8793439                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8793439                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24437775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24437775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24437775                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24437775                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2280380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2280380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       308381                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308381                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2588761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2588761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2588761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2588761                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93825072339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93825072339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16188839223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16188839223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110013911562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 110013911562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110013911562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 110013911562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17924716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17924716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9101820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9101820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27026536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27026536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27026536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27026536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41144.490102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41144.490102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52496.227793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52496.227793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42496.743254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42496.743254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42496.743254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42496.743254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       761893                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           761893                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       966727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       966727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       970292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       970292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       970292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       970292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1313653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1313653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1618469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1618469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1618469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1618469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39007637454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39007637454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14960166464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14960166464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53967803918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53967803918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53967803918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53967803918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268434675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268434675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    431994307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    431994307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    700428982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    700428982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29694.019238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29694.019238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49079.334628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49079.334628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33344.972266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33344.972266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33344.972266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33344.972266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               248730371                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18737724                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18737724                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14687649                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10267428                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68012074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88191853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18737724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10267428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27589809                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8500922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2167212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92909649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        31508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       303270                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1063                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13536273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1307683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31840                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    197285471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.815954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.241764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       170597145     86.47%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1564899      0.79%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1558854      0.79%     88.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2434727      1.23%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2236777      1.13%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1833373      0.93%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1844478      0.93%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1913504      0.97%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13301714      6.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    197285471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.354568                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        70661468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94377474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24545143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1430500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6270886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156744406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          492                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6270886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        72972413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       70248091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14441996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23507880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9844205                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152050434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       135414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2708062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      6047878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       228495                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170582470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395403724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393730659                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1673065                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123156245                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47426351                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       421169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       421071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21697360                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25101280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12131462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3669321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2208221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145524116                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       513116                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132996510                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       407632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35272703                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54989858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       169396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    197285471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.674132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    140385275     71.16%     71.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21916746     11.11%     82.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14959792      7.58%     89.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8236280      4.17%     94.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5881399      2.98%     97.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3298084      1.67%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919570      0.97%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       588696      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        99629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    197285471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         300464     45.05%     45.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6246      0.94%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        238821     35.81%     81.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121455     18.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       883700      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97670614     73.44%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       430067      0.32%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22918032     17.23%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11094097      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132996510                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.534702                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             666986                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005015                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463874789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180504253                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128712017                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1113430                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       891321                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       516015                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132225156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         554640                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4398137                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6351548                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39272                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        91052                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3027804                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23904                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6270886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51231421                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       775361                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146037232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1263146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25101280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12131462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       485695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        357509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        30899                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        91052                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       993256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1279977                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2273233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130746784                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22341116                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2249727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33223797                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14249107                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10882681                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.525657                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129496739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129228032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87799847                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141889239                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.519551                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618791                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37578493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343720                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2104166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    191062392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.567631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.611383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    156213645     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13945292      7.30%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4992591      2.61%     91.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5544955      2.90%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2257446      1.18%     95.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1251144      0.65%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713145      0.37%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       830201      0.43%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5313973      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    191062392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60143555                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108452904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27853400                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18749745                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12561581                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107906691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5313973                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           331644697                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298362463                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1022166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               51444900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            44269084                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60143555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108452904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60143555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.135611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.135611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.241802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.241802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       265246536                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143099661                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           851530                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          444665                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63472137                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392857                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2104776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       367024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302826192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49065201                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355397865                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302826192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302826192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34162409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42064378                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        45878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37853274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7767870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45949270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4686356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4810795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       156361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10448169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21572210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3761692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3103717594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          502877663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3642533690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3103717594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3103717594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80476823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            511813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         350136391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            431125027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80633184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          10959982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21572210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3761692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3103717594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         853014053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4073658717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               87037851                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12309                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                84572720                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2465131                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7882                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4428                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                276                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      293000233                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28620257                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53498444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53064855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390246                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4484928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53064855                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390246                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137624988                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60223427                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652836                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12439093                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7761458                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4677635                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             230264672.466843                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62735560.533157                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.214114                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.785886                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
