
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69013                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122526                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38457187                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              286976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    232715354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              990033821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    232715354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1297377059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.229728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047557000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.229728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.576858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.576858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245529824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245529824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246480824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246480824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246480824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246480824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174381.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174381.977273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172364.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1737400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11430.263158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228564992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228564992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229236592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229236592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229236592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229236592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30527.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162333.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162333.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160305.309091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           176                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1824.145970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              39                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.221591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          122.255336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.994463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.395418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.742010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1229.347505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    434.411340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.106057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.445348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4893                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             651                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  651                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3147726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205354015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75768730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      284676166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35254747                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35254747                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3147726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205354015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111023477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       319930913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3147726                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205354015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111023477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      319930913                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.557797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.361311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.801865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.803241                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.384901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.384901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104924.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102574.433067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105380.709318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102845.435694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102484.729651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101598.694524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104924.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102574.433067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104443.534337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102706.553130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104924.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101423.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102574.433067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104443.534337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102706.553130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194299401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71850840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269517162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33351047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33351047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194299401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105201887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    302868209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2983626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194299401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105201887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    302868209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11320641                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11320641                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.557797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.801865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.796296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.513597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99454.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97052.647852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99931.627260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97828.370962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96950.718023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96950.718023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99454.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97052.647852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98966.968015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97730.948370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99454.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95823.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97052.647852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98966.968015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97730.948370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1752.322284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.032173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.822300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.742205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1257.932356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    451.793393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2880539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187140645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69232104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      259623383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32015329                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32015329                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2880539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187140645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101247433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       291638712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2880539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187140645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101247433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      291638712                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96017.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94898.907201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97236.101124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95065.317832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93612.073099                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92798.055072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96017.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94898.907201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96060.183112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94811.024707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96017.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92523.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94898.907201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96060.183112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94811.024707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2463636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159413781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59324906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221515923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27147920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27147920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2463636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159413781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86472826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248663843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2463636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159413781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86472826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248663843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82121.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.631339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83321.497191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81499.603753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79379.883041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79379.883041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82121.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.631339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82042.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81262.693791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82121.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80838.631339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82042.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81262.693791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3389                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               457.993325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.267631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083050764300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.695814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21406                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21406                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293930999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293930999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293930999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293930999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293930999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293930999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64331.582184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64289.369860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64331.582184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64289.369860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64331.582184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64289.369860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228969996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228969996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228969996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228969996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228969996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228969996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58740.378656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58740.378656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58740.378656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.078659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            95                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.021505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.341486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.737172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1721059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1721059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1721059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1721059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1721059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1721059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.876289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16548.644231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.876289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16548.644231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17742.876289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16548.644231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1417112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1417112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1417112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1417112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1417112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1417112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.328814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14609.402062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14609.402062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14609.402062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2352                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.106565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.102041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.015897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31422721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31422721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31422721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31422721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31422721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31422721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13303.438188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.730152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13303.438188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.730152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13303.438188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13269.730152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24168946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24168946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24168946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24168946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10232.407282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10232.407282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10232.407282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1226                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               374.797702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.902936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.392624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   373.405078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.729307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.732027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27525                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16312                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16316                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          448                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    151618759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151618759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39543879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39543879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191162638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191162638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191162638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191162638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69549.889450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69549.889450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88862.649438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88267.587054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72823.862095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72740.729833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72823.862095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72740.729833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84656523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84656523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36869670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36869670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121526193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121526193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121526193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121526193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65676.123351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65676.123351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85544.477958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85544.477958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70654.763372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  771918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38609                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29075                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15075                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                187164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        169031                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          327                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3877                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             26                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       415855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.830306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.297742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362260     87.11%     87.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2544      0.61%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2004      0.48%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2872      0.69%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3897      0.94%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3806      0.92%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5126      1.23%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2023      0.49%     92.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31323      7.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       415855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050017                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242466                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168276                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        331586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47123                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        315065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       345548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       779121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       779031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          132841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          984                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            293033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261860                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       139528                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       415855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.629691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.404963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318814     76.66%     76.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32184      7.74%     84.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20443      4.92%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16313      3.92%     93.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11485      2.76%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8685      2.09%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5471      1.32%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2020      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          440      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       415855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            532     40.61%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           411     31.37%     71.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          367     28.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2943      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201121     76.80%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35970     13.74%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21816      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261860                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339233                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1310                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005003                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       943155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       392207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        260213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15105                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8342                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          705                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1240                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       254175                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34109                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7685                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25723                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20852                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329277                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                250029                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161624                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253286                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322906                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638109                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105086                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       397908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.398655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332428     83.54%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24372      6.13%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12470      3.13%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10028      2.52%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5981      1.50%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2987      0.75%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1654      0.42%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2459      0.62%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5529      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       397908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104437                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42248                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25422                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20642                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              686961                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             607556                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356063                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98514                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189624                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.391231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.391231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135295                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135295                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          488758                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         271011                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111287                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40400                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80081                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            19925814395                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3011.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121662111                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241156084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       573952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2659200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5228928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       573952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         573952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2472448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2472448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38020                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.898713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.130753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.767960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    490950664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1959158074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2450108738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4845704544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4946853544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5336655208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2060307074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7396962282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5336655208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2060307074                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7396962282                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155265.864643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114651.104518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120993.024099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175264.197917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61228.208232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168834.591945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173211.788640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109941.679509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149282.790757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173211.788640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109941.679509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149282.790757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     63929520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6548                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9763.213195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    452662584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1753025400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205687984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4512464700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80715100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4593179800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4965127284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1833740500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6798867784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4965127284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1833740500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6798867784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143157.047438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102588.096910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108922.863407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163211.252170                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48859.019370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156763.815700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161153.108861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97851.680896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137212.266075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161153.108861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97851.680896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137212.266075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        150821                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3984.648851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2312497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        154837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.935041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          931.121504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    61.381515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    19.896172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1607.358111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1364.891225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.227325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.392421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.972815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       681127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25394                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1098116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       245022                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2049659                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          276721                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               276721                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9222                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9222                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                79713                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       681127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1098116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       324735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2129372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       681127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1098116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       324735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2129372                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               128398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8857                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8857                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              30868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       104025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                159266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       104025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               159266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77601086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24443936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1866538637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3951268908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5919852567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127442720                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    127442720                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2472194689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2472194689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77601086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24443936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1866538637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6423463597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      8392047256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77601086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24443936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1866538637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6423463597                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     8392047256                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       683760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1149942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       318179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2178057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       276721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           276721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           110581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       683760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1149942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       428760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2288638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       683760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1149942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       428760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2288638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.045068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.058951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.489905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.489905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.279144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.279144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.045068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.069590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.045068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.069590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29472.497531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31258.230179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36015.487149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54010.811105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46105.488925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14388.926273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14388.926273                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80089.240929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80089.240929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29472.497531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31258.230179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36015.487149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61749.229483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52692.019992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29472.497531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31258.230179                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36015.487149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61749.229483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52692.019992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               50520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    50520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          128397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         30868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           159265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          159265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63494283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20226681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1573694614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3546774091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5204189669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    786387391                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786387391                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2298263712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2298263712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63494283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20226681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1573694614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5845037803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7502453381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63494283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20226681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1573694614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5845037803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7502453381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    860818401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860818401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2633599277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2633599277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3494417678                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3494417678                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.045067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.489905                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.489905                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.279144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.045067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.069589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.045067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24114.805545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25865.320972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30365.549715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48481.677639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40532.019198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88787.105228                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88787.105228                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74454.571466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74454.571466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24114.805545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25865.320972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30365.549715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56188.779649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47106.730173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24114.805545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25865.320972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30365.549715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56188.779649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47106.730173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24228                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32446.203162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          124669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.194181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9546.603276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.470394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.785039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   219.693353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    69.610055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7708.193232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14893.847710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.291339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.235235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.454524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42856                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                  90003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           50520                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                50520                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8194                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 8194                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        52292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                   98197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        52292                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                  98197                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14284                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 52678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43343                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                52678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25256103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8957439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839355636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2622987011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3496556189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35824800                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     35824800                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1327036703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1327036703                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25256103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8957439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839355636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3950023714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4823592892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25256103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8957439                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839355636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3950023714                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4823592892                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        51825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             128397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        50520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            50520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17247                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17247                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22478                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            22478                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        51825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        95635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              150875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        51825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        95635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             150875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.102545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.397214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.299026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.995593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.635466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.635466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.102545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.349150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.102545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.349150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93541.122222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93306.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93584.082506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90264.187033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91070.380502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2086.354901                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2086.354901                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92903.717656                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92903.717656                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93541.122222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93306.656250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93584.082506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91134.063494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91567.502411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93541.122222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93306.656250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93584.082506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91134.063494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91567.502411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10286                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10286                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17171                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17171                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14284                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            52678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           52678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21478829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7611154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712990656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2212436962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2954517601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1296782169                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1296782169                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1121351716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121351716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21478829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7611154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712990656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3333788678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4075869317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21478829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7611154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712990656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3333788678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4075869317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    768949548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    768949548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2310017187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2310017187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3078966735                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3078966735                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.102545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.397214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.635466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.635466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.102545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.102545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.173063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79551.218519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79282.854167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.000111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76136.032279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76952.586368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75521.645158                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75521.645158                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78504.040605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78504.040605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79551.218519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79282.854167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.000111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76916.426597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77373.273796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79551.218519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79282.854167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79495.000111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76916.426597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77373.273796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1687                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1149942                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13852659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1150454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 12.041037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13844091                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13844091                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13844091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13844091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13844091                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13844091                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1208567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1208567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1208567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1208567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1208567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1208567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15602420102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15602420102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15602420102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15602420102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15602420102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15602420102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15052658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15052658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15052658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15052658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15052658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15052658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.080289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12909.851173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12909.851173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12909.851173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12909.851173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12909.851173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12909.851173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       269836                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        38548                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        58619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1149948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1149948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1149948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1149948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1149948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1149948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10800849003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10800849003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10800849003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10800849003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10800849003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10800849003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.076395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.076395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.076395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9392.467314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9392.467314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9392.467314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9392.467314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9392.467314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9392.467314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        26220                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         10997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        26236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.419157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083923465300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        10734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        26425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        26425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26425                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        26425                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    414245938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414245938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    414245938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    414245938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    414245938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    414245938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        37159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        37159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.711133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.711133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.711133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.711133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.711133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.711133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15676.289044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15676.289044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15676.289044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15676.289044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15676.289044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15676.289044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    332332339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332332339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    332332339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332332339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    332332339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332332339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.711133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.711133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.711133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.711133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.711133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.711133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12576.436670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12576.436670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12576.436670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12576.436670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12576.436670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12576.436670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       684014                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       684030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.059869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        40639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        40639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        40639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       684259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       684259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       684259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       684259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       684259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       684259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8036229496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8036229496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8036229496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8036229496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8036229496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8036229496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       724898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       724898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       724898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       724898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       724898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       724898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.943938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11744.426447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11744.426447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11744.426447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11744.426447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11744.426447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11744.426447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           40                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       684259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       684259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       684259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       684259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       684259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       684259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5945032063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945032063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5945032063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945032063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5945032063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5945032063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8688.277484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8688.277484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8688.277484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8688.277484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8688.277484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8688.277484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                427841                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.618411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28111495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                428353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 65.626936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.618411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16824682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16824682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11263079                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11263079                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28087761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28087761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28087761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28087761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       681730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       681730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       129769                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129769                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       811499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        811499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       811499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       811499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26636285112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26636285112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4686084742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4686084742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31322369854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31322369854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31322369854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31322369854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17506412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17506412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11392848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11392848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28899260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28899260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28899260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28899260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39071.604758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39071.604758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36110.972127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36110.972127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38598.161987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38598.161987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38598.161987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38598.161987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       276613                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           276613                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       362796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       365001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       365001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       365001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       365001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       318934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       318934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       127564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       127564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       446498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       446498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       446498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       446498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7190327299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7190327299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4139094147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4139094147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11329421446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11329421446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11329421446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11329421446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    897859636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    897859636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2751665574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2751665574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3649525210                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3649525210                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22544.875426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22544.875426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32447.196286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32447.196286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25373.957881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25373.957881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25373.957881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25373.957881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               163718193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19328418                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19328418                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2164070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15071308                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        11001659                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68344402                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87486859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19328418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11001659                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30677339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7029891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            232262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      48342979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       221075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        26248                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          142                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15052664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1203922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           8486                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    152602409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.160201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.597360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       122497178     80.27%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3237360      2.12%     82.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1428670      0.94%     83.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2127604      1.39%     84.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2120666      1.39%     86.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2229428      1.46%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2428014      1.59%     89.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1893805      1.24%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14639684      9.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    152602409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.118059                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.534375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67358686                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51092047                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28862295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       531419                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4757962                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173667203                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4757962                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69420290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       18025668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     29024577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27326836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4047076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     168675210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1014585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1812952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22073                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    187038549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    418012462                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    407673752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10338710                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147784243                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39254424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1039493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1069140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12761118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21411726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13380481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1342212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       650762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157721737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1205395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        150036617                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       226379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24732819                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34813029                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       302572                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    152602409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.983186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.634274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     96161395     63.01%     63.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18578670     12.17%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12680125      8.31%     83.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9514090      6.23%     89.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6661625      4.37%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4723255      3.10%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2985467      1.96%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1002406      0.66%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       295376      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    152602409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         326496     37.97%     37.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3695      0.43%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        329817     38.36%     76.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       199800     23.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2152049      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111857835     74.55%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3106918      2.07%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20345137     13.56%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12574678      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     150036617                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.916432                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             859808                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446575608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178566035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142865719                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7414808                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5106976                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3623351                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     145038104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3706272                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2326368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3630150                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        30766                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2001257                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21032                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4757962                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15270347                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       162383                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158927132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2835675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21411726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13380481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1124249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         78560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        10392                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        17550                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       967820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1386667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2354487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147590318                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19842394                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2446299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32235693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15177164                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12393299                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.901490                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146706690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146489070                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96502128                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        157223278                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.894764                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613790                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26605662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902823                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2165475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    147917808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.892986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.843030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    103825698     70.19%     70.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15076394     10.19%     80.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9002950      6.09%     86.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7383323      4.99%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3613662      2.44%     93.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1850465      1.25%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1396820      0.94%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1379537      0.93%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4388959      2.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    147917808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66285687                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132088587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29160815                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17781587                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13873779                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128988334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4388959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301920661                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          322182410                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 551805                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               11115784                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180030233200                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66285687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132088587                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66285687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.469888                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.469888                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.404877                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.404877                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       290941662                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157677196                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6333227                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3315343                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       64016851                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1017054                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480958                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717929                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410936                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293859                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686353.350494                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124469021.649504                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
