
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 164516                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   293316                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               89572440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        82560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              307520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    282708736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    280736349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1053035251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277449038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277449038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277449038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    282708736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    280736349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1330484289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1287                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.697066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.697066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1291                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    238646832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    238646832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239557832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    239557832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    239557832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    239557832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43380.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43380.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184854.246321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184854.246321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182589.810976                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1473400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9888.590604                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1267                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1267                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       644300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       644300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223212292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223212292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223856592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223856592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223856592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223856592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30680.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30680.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172898.754454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172898.754454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170622.402439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           284                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1806.863914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.362676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           63.401877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.970458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.931985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.659106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.240406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1175.407377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    517.252837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2458                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4992                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104710416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338302721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32658287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32658287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137368703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370961008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2732427                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223053057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137368703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370961008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.397010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815104                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.815584                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.415867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.415867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107395.298462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104414.420062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104339.575080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104007.283439                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106652.719720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104378.449071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111526.014286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109297.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103361.008804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106652.719720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104378.449071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99369192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320522673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30919887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30919887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130289079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351442560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7423821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2594527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211135133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130289079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351442560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3180252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3180252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.815104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.414346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.515036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101917.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99294.508364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98785.581470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98785.581470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101156.117236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99249.522734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106054.585714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103781.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97838.337813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101156.117236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99249.522734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1794.267585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.328165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.743968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.241604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.318876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    536.635108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96015988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309141943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29685485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29685485                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125701473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338827428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7164321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2509927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203451707                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125701473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338827428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98985.554639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96516.373088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95451.720257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95145.785256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98127.613583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96394.716358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103830.739130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100397.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95651.954396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98127.613583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96394.716358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82476207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264415034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25263043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25263043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107739250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289678077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6207995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2162145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173568687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107739250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289678077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85027.017526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82862.749608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81231.649518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81231.649518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84105.581577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89970.942029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86485.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81602.579690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84105.581577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.897487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3681                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               424.602677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.023907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.256862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   424.345815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.828800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.829302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4904                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4904                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    316317153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    316317153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64515.022027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.866436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246925808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246925808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58932.173747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.254557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.137255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598746732300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.119343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.694959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.703410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          356                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4175677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4175677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.248945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36310.234783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35387.093220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3807283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.244161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33106.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2519                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.908856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.273521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619407300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.087802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          774                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2536                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2536                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36562800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36562800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14457.413998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14417.507886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28759466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28759466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11371.872677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1189                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.298303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.398654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701894300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.523808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   423.774495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.827685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.828708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17377                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17378                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49718                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218017396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218017396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36794459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36794459                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254811855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254811855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254811855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254811855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89205.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89168.669121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92915.300505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92681.256927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89722.484155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89659.343772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89722.484155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89659.343772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112167068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112167068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34393671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34393671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146560739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146560739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146560739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146560739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10646877                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85233.334347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85233.334347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89334.210390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89334.210390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86161.516167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44426                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6864                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33411                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18029                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18029                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       452589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.873068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.345754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390959     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2915      0.64%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2508      0.55%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3412      0.75%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5007      1.11%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3681      0.81%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5732      1.27%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2851      0.63%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35524      7.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       452589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       902600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       902446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1798                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298816                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          907                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       452589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.660237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.431263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341529     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37120      8.20%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23666      5.23%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18283      4.04%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12885      2.85%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9895      2.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6436      1.42%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2316      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          459      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       452589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            704     46.32%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           406     26.71%     73.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          410     26.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3244      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230032     76.98%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42061     14.08%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23469      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298816                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340850                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1520                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005087                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1054413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450482                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18318                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9728                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20487                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          998                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1388                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           534                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290015                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39941                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29786                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22347                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330811                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187371                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297668                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324974                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629463                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       357567     82.73%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27687      6.41%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13876      3.21%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11763      2.72%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6875      1.59%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3456      0.80%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2011      0.47%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2769      0.64%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6187      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117686                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47538                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29717                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23996                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214535                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              764047                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697072                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 424091                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216453                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.449314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.449314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562230                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311405                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127444                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.094141                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3094141130631                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10693204284141                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71302                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   123840                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               73067732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5227176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42346.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019385361                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5244158589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1732608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6881408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1353856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     96227840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    482824768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           589033344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     96227840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       96227840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    267343040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        267343040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        27072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1503560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7544137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9203646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4177235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4177235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       559964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2224012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       437555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     31100016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    156044843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              190370548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31100016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          31100016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86402988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86402988                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86402988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       559964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2224012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       437555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     31100016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    156044843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             276773537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    27857                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.959347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    27873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.785765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.173581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.986610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.997459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             576                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          27459                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            28035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           28035                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7221719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25134719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4818980600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20309000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4839289600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4836893600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27530719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4864424319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4836893600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27530719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4864424319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          28101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         28101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.761194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42347.517730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47200.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43636.664931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177168.404412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78413.127413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176236.920500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175103.848242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66822.133495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173512.549278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175103.848242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66822.133495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173512.549278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     31854400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3044                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10464.651774                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          27368                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               27368                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12652300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5322600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17974900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4491197240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17129800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4508327040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4503849540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22452400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4526301940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4503849540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22452400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4526301940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.761194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29910.874704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34788.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31206.423611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165117.545588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66138.223938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164183.948432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163047.081780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54496.116505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161451.825932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163047.081780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54496.116505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161451.825932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          425                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1740800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          425                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29835471                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4023.140115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       132288633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29839566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.433330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627986137480                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1014.063464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   140.956249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.153512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    904.786698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1917.173475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.247574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.220895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.468060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44246948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3394184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18139805                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     27981717                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               93762654                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        44194410                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             44194410                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1507244                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1507244                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24652960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             24652960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44246948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3394184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18139805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     52634677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               118415614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44246948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3394184                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18139805                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     52634677                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              118415614                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212238                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6643636                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16685411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24158280                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10873                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10873                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5612823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5612823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6643636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22298234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29771103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212238                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6643636                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22298234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29771103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22125928891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6423959863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 266259307460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 721297028548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016106224762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115419690                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    115419690                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377003904204                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 377003904204                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22125928891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6423959863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 266259307460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1098300932752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1393110128966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22125928891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6423959863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 266259307460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1098300932752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1393110128966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44863943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24783441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44667128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          117920934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     44194410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         44194410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1518117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1518117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30265783                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         30265783                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44863943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24783441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     74932911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           148186717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44863943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24783441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     74932911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          148186717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.373550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.204868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.185451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.200903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.200903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35860.791240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30267.717671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 40077.347323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43229.203557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42060.371217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10615.257059                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10615.257059                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67168.322287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67168.322287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35860.791240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30267.717671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 40077.347323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49255.063551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46794.038130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35860.791240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30267.717671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 40077.347323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49255.063551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46794.038130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11145443                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11145443                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6643627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16685342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24158076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10873                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10873                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5612823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5612823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6643627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22298165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29770899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6643627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22298165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29770899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18768736740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5248466491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228674662634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 627954970132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 880646835997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    878672437                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878672437                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 345652117857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 345652117857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18768736740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5248466491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228674662634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 973607087989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1226298953854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18768736740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5248466491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228674662634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 973607087989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1226298953854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    148333369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148333369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    355786947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    355786947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    504120316                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    504120316                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.373549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007162                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007162                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.200901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30422.206204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24737.664040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34420.153725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37635.127295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36453.517076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80812.327509                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80812.327509                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61582.579365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61582.579365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30422.206204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24737.664040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34420.153725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43663.103578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41191.196606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30422.206204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24737.664040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34420.153725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43663.103578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41191.196606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9151198                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32216.818951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26125015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9183959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.844635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627844470133                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11210.062285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.056142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.035599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   502.145886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.001830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6297.053779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14077.457764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.342104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.192171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.429610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       509420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       191011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5140066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12343140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18183637                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11145443                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11145443                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1919                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1919                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2410310                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2410310                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       509420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       191011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5140066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14753450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20593947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       509420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       191011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5140066                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14753450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20593947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1503561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4342202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5974439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9029                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9029                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3202438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3202438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1503561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7544640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9176877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1503561                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7544640                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9176877                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10031632938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2004293277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 140496696777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 406590285721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   559122908713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62159528                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     62159528                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 297298577078                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 297298577078                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10031632938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2004293277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 140496696777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703888862799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    856421485791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10031632938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2004293277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 140496696777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703888862799                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   856421485791                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6643627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16685342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24158076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11145443                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11145443                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10948                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10948                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5612748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5612748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6643627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22298090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29770824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       212165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6643627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22298090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29770824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.174282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.226316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.247306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.824717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.570565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.570565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.174282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.226316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.308251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.174282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.226316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.308251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93298.422072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94747.720384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93442.631710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93636.888777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93585.842740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6884.431055                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6884.431055                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92835.076613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92835.076613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93298.422072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94747.720384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93442.631710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93296.547324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93323.849256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93298.422072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94747.720384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93442.631710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93296.547324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93323.849256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4149867                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4149867                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1503561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4342202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5974439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9029                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9029                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3202438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3202438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1503561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7544640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9176877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       107522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1503561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7544640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9176877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8523859455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1708610393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119294100695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 345439569858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 474966140401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    704486557                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    704486557                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 251402510103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 251402510103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8523859455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1708610393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119294100695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 596842079961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 726368650504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8523859455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1708610393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119294100695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 596842079961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 726368650504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    132339967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    132339967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    312153200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    312153200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    444493167                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    444493167                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.174282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.226316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824717                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824717                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.570565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.174282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.226316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.308251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.174282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.226316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.338354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79275.492039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80770.085705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.044823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79554.007358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79499.705395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78024.870639                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78024.870639                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78503.474572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78503.474572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79275.492039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80770.085705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.044823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79108.092627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79152.052545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79275.492039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80770.085705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.044823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79108.092627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79152.052545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   23347                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6779                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    16568                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             21                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  39                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              24783637                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               718545988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              24784149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.992159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    718540949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      718540949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    718540949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       718540949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    718540949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      718540949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26644397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     26644397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26644397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      26644397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26644397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     26644397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 629142847684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 629142847684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 629142847684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 629142847684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 629142847684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 629142847684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    745185346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    745185346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    745185346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    745185346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    745185346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    745185346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23612.575945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23612.575945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23612.575945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23612.575945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23612.575945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23612.575945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15690280                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            391                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40128.593350                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1860635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1860635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1860635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1860635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1860635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1860635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24783762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24783762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24783762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24783762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24783762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24783762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 480378411031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 480378411031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 480378411031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 480378411031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 480378411031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 480378411031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19382.788256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19382.788256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19382.788256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19382.788256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19382.788256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19382.788256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3606566                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      12809535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3606582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.551710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12809327                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     12809327                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12809327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     12809327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12809327                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     12809327                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606769                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3606769                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3606769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3606769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  56211290308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  56211290308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  56211290308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  56211290308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  56211290308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  56211290308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16416096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16416096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16416096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     16416096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16416096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     16416096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15584.943285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15584.943285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15584.943285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15584.943285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15584.943285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15584.943285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1787                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1787                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3606769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3606769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3606769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3606769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44808387346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44808387346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44808387346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44808387346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44808387346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44808387346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12423.414792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12423.414792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12423.414792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12423.414792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12423.414792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12423.414792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     44876020                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      90216542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     44876036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.010350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90216100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     90216100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90216100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     90216100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90216100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     90216100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44886642                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     44886642                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44886642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     44886642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44886642                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     44886642                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 577708114806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 577708114806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 577708114806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 577708114806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 577708114806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 577708114806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135102742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135102742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135102742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    135102742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135102742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    135102742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.332241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.332241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.332241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12870.379451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12870.379451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12870.379451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12870.379451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12870.379451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12870.379451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        21065                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        21065                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44886642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44886642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44886642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     44886642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44886642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     44886642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 437639474085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 437639474085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 437639474085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 437639474085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 437639474085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 437639474085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.332241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9749.882250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9749.882250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9749.882250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9749.882250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9749.882250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9749.882250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              74932993                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1462274203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              74933505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.514291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1091158263                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1091158263                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    369323269                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     369323269                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1460481532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1460481532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1460481532                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1460481532                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     70398843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     70398843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     31821505                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     31821505                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    102220348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total     102220348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    102220348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total    102220348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2241666119169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2241666119169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 830293451877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 830293451877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3071959571046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3071959571046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3071959571046                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3071959571046                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1161557106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1161557106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    401144774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    401144774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1562701880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1562701880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1562701880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1562701880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31842.371602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31842.371602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26092.211914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26092.211914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30052.329415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30052.329415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30052.329415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30052.329415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     44171558                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         44171558                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25724131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     25724131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        56873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25781004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25781004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25781004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25781004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44674712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44674712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     31764632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     31764632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     76439344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     76439344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     76439344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     76439344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1087440644292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087440644292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709861696854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 709861696854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1797302341146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797302341146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1797302341146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797302341146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    154708771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    154708771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    372046744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    372046744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    526755515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    526755515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24341.301726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24341.301726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22347.549843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22347.549843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23512.791281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23512.791281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23512.791281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23512.791281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9291715107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       871214977                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    871214977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     94434788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    625749268                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       507187811                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2896535257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4823366412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          871214977                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    507187811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1424502556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      479480884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         116969254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    3258277636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       118409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2468568                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3728                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        745185698                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     46396934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1701445                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   8082296928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.044474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.490545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6681237958     82.67%     82.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        87547204      1.08%     83.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        83465068      1.03%     84.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       127997358      1.58%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        97269886      1.20%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       116178374      1.44%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        89006538      1.10%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        97485638      1.21%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       702108904      8.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   8082296928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.519104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2985822000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   3344674881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1308497186                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     59881341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     383421520                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8241284692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3898                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     383421520                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3115244932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2731208339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     40977468                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1227109075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    584335594                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8008389238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4275006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      84036140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    474192538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2468391                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   8988932876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20182114238                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20112846254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69267984                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5917480398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3071452369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1836464                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1832609                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1203098017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1564111799                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    606144971                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     93861250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     60422153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7660585869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3880180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6745078551                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     14336505                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2354507972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3482588176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1649661                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   8082296928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.834550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.464138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5282022628     65.35%     65.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1060386681     13.12%     78.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    695989395      8.61%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    419181926      5.19%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    287900927      3.56%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    188692296      2.33%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    103887601      1.29%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37107284      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7128190      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   8082296928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9179064     31.68%     31.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        43329      0.15%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      12765451     44.06%     75.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6987797     24.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46785309      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4832029022     71.64%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11182913      0.17%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1343849465     19.92%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    511231842      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6745078551                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.725924                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           28975641                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21609100291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   9983744566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6529989574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42501167                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36321515                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19755447                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6706088414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21180469                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    148708656                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    506248832                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1304127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1147173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    205008620                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       334698                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11088                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     383421520                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1929140315                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     40188525                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7664466049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     46344650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1564111799                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    606144971                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3301617                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      12399905                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4429627                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1147173                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     64660497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36583862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    101244359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6640437304                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1310653319                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    104641246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1812765849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       639206472                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         502112530                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.714662                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6569581598                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6549745021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4560287737                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7042929347                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.704902                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647499                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2459734698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2230519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     94725648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7699217905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.676402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.713396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   6040784186     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    598523967      7.77%     86.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    257193802      3.34%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    308754663      4.01%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    113187946      1.47%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     66013118      0.86%     95.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     48922966      0.64%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34460400      0.45%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    231376857      3.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7699217905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999759622                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5207768386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1458999297                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1057862938                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             238602                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         545662320                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15735046                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5175731656                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    231376857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15134832735                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        15719987887                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               23783044                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1209418179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999759622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5207768386                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999759622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.097487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.097487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.322842                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.322842                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     12939771510                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7303018860                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18682605                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14750490                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3201702349                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1740202                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       195067488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32938121                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228796809                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    195067488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     195067488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24061261                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25299259                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24383436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5178519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29660020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3243251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3262727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       179084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        72977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           63044147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10645320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              73945176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      63044147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         63044147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       398461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7776394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8176505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       399237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       179084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        72977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          63044147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          18421714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             82121680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  23347                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   16568                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6779                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            21                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 48                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9279943840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18549960                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34483923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34346334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2771576                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34346334                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89696434                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39357527                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8443638                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5193288                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3250350                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9239668752.228365                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40275087.771634                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004340                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995660                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
