
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 190027                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   337452                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              105957917                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519843                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228299503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              985838762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228299503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293182000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.182437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048416000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.182437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.573902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.573902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246180824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246180824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247097824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247097824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247097824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247097824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174844.335227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174844.335227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172795.681119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1562300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10849.305556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229215984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229215984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229864784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229864784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229864784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229864784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162795.443182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162795.443182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160744.604196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           161                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1810.853485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              62                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.385093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          117.647432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.752720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1222.434979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    432.283907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.028723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.298446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.105538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             644                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  644                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2761                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205367882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75196332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      284236336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34064401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34064401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205367882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109260733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       318300737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205367882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109260733                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      318300737                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.340192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.808717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.362880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.362880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105108.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103440.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103096.326305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104294.496533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102946.880116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102913.598187                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101989.224551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105108.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103440.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103096.326305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103860.012357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102843.533764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105108.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103440.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103096.326305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103860.012357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102843.533764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194371388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71267776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269119486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32226701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32226701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194371388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103494477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301346187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3088661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194371388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103494477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301346187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11327390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11327390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.553763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.807317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.461432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99634.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97915.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97575.997992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98845.736477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97932.855167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97361.634441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97361.634441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99634.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97915.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97575.997992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98378.780418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97871.447548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99634.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97915.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97575.997992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98378.780418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97871.447548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1739.759615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            2.355449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.193189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1248.671776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    448.804554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     36                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   15                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     36                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3057                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2980808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187354322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68629630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      259342221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30930425                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30930425                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2980808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187354322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99560055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290272646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2980808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187354322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99560055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290272646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               15                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.977809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96155.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94365.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95007.262677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97346.992908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95171.457248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94013.449848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93163.930723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96155.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94365.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95007.262677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96286.320116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.433431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96155.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94365.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95007.262677                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96286.320116                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94953.433431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2549375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159625054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58814538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221310167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26226817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26226817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2549375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159625054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85041355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247536984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2549375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159625054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85041355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247536984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.977809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82237.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80945.767748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83424.876596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81604.043879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79716.768997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79716.768997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80945.767748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82245.024178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81399.863203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82237.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80945.767748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82245.024178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81399.863203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3808                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.318894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.594013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083164118000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.366168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   435.952726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.852185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20768                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20768                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5000                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5003                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          5003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5000                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         5003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298751457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298751457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298751457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298751457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298751457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298751457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59750.291400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.462722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59750.291400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.462722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59750.291400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.462722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233496929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233496929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233496929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233496929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233496929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233496929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54087.776002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.776002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54087.776002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.068417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.429907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.345409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.723008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2033800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2033800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2033800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2033800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2033800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2033800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18322.522523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17235.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18322.522523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17235.593220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18322.522523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17235.593220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15254.099099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.099099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15254.099099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2361                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.008980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2377                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2377                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32809075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32809075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32809075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32809075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32809075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32809075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13837.652889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13802.724022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13837.652889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13802.724022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13837.652889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13802.724022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25531806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25531806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25531806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25531806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25531806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25531806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10768.370308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10768.370308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10768.370308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1223                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.196089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.543745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.929605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.266483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.724992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27285                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16226                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16230                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2731                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2734                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    153084113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153084113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38220943                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38220943                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191305056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191305056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    191305056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191305056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66442.757378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66442.757378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89510.405152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88885.913953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.452948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69972.588149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.452948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69972.588149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          644                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              644                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84327741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84327741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35602907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35602907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119930648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119930648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119930648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119930648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64767.850230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64767.850230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86205.585956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86205.585956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69930.406997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38439                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38439                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29449                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15382                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185232                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15382                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        157554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1261                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.827995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.291916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360010     87.09%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2583      0.62%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1975      0.48%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3095      0.75%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3884      0.94%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3839      0.93%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5138      1.24%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1970      0.48%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30889      7.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176448                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       167257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49195                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        329504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          180703                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        313774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          136                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       343433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       776165                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       776075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212437                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          946                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1210                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            292636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261473                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        96024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       139429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          727                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.404282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       315980     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32613      7.89%     84.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20526      4.97%     89.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16428      3.97%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11313      2.74%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8756      2.12%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5337      1.29%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1970      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          460      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            505     39.03%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           416     32.15%     71.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          373     28.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2904      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201001     76.87%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35760     13.68%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21798      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261473                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338275                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1294                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004949                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       940073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       390300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        259849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4269                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14993                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8524                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           272                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6283                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253959                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33931                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25826                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20790                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328553                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                249806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248981                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161749                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253261                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322113                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638665                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       104872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6402                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.400131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       329836     83.44%     83.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24390      6.17%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12496      3.16%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10062      2.55%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5931      1.50%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2975      0.75%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1675      0.42%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2466      0.62%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5472      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104109                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41991                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25286                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20624                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187412                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              683830                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             606582                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 359578                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97471                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189255                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.424536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.424536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134689                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134689                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          487506                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270592                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111233                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993656947                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501281726                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  76768                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   150042                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            20886766108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4547420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2873.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   220558942                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     431079468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       615936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4706432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8835584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       615936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         615936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4491648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4491648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               138056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          70182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               70182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        78429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 147238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        78429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                222087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71473                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.884848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.244492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.640357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.015281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.915022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         45402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           100132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          100132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507153664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4886680258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5393833922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8980748600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    156591000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9137339600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9487902264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   5043271258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14531173522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9487902264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   5043271258                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14531173522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        42423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         3001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         100154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        100154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143669.593201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115246.456724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117430.852608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175405.246094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        52197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168585.601476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173358.345770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111080.376591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145120.176587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173358.345770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111080.376591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145120.176587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    115312128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11841                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9738.377502                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          51992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               51992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464468092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4375244800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4839712892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8363625600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    119157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8482783100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8828093692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4494402300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13322495992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8828093692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4494402300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13322495992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131577.363173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103184.868638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105366.909606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163352.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39719.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156508.913284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161302.643742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98991.284525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133049.334798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161302.643742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98991.284525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133049.334798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        353159                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3995.960316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4849715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        357173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         13.578056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1135.359388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    69.738252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.607222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1446.770083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1334.485020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.277187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.353215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.325802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.975576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1296002                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35196                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2032100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       706388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4069686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          841012                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               841012                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        23684                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               23684                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       217274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               217274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1296002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2032100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       923662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4286960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1296002                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35196                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2032100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       923662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4286960                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       171851                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               282616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17731                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        89983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              89983                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       261834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                372599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       261834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               372599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    146939121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29332287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3056344355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8270618461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11503234224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217513031                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    217513031                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5496981198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5496981198                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    146939121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29332287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3056344355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13767599659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     17000215422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    146939121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29332287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3056344355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13767599659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    17000215422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1301795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2136062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       878239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4352302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       841012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           841012                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       307257                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           307257                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1301795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2136062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1185496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4659559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1301795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2136062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1185496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4659559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.064935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.292859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.292859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.079964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.079964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25364.944070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29041.868317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29398.668311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48126.682190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40702.699861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12267.386555                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12267.386555                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61089.107920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61089.107920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25364.944070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29041.868317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29398.668311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52581.405238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45626.036092                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25364.944070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29041.868317                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29398.668311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52581.405238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45626.036092                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              153337                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   153337                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       171851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17731                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17731                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        89983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         89983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       261834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           372595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       261834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          372595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    115966396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23883436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2467298146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7319402954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9926550932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1568724350                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1568724350                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4981969657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4981969657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    115966396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23883436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2467298146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12301372611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14908520589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    115966396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23883436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2467298146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12301372611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14908520589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1494853879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1494853879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3363346821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3363346821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4858200700                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4858200700                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.292859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.079964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.027896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20018.366304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23646.966337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23733.605360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42591.564518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35124.307998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88473.540691                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88473.540691                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55365.676372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55365.676372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20018.366304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23646.966337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23733.605360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46981.570808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40012.669491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20018.366304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23646.966337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23733.605360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46981.570808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40012.669491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56657                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32343.794542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          347684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         89004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.906386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7877.630033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.268145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   191.771602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    56.189426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4952.979003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  19259.955967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.240406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.151153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.587767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          914                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        94333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115971                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 216696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          153337                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               153337                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  80                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                44978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        94333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       160949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  261674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          914                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        94333                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       160949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 261674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9625                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                65916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41274                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             41274                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        77262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 87298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        77262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                87298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29337724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8955423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    900677242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5067465900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     6006436289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79597225                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     79597225                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1979287913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1979287913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29337724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8955423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    900677242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7046753813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7985724202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29337724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8955423                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    900677242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7046753813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7985724202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       171851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             282612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       153337                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           153337                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41354                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        66360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            66360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       238211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              348972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       238211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             348972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.054376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.233239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998065                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998065                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.322212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.054376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.250158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.054376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.250158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93135.631746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93285.656250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93576.856312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90684.787044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91122.584638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1928.507656                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1928.507656                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92567.950285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92567.950285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93135.631746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93285.656250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93576.856312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91205.946170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91476.599716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93135.631746                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93285.656250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93576.856312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91205.946170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91476.599716                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41274                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        41274                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            87298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           87298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24925375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7611872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    765002050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4276569819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5074109116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3124776159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3124776159                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1670952220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670952220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24925375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7611872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    765002050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5947522039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6745061336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24925375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7611872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    765002050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5947522039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6745061336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1337028808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1337028808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2960974725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2960974725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4298003533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4298003533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.054376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998065                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998065                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.054376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.250158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.054376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79128.174603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79290.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79480.732468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76531.313869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76978.413678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75708.100959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75708.100959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78147.611075                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78147.611075                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79128.174603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79290.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79480.732468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76978.618713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77264.786547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79128.174603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79290.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79480.732468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76978.618713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77264.786547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2513449                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1949                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1923                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2047                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2553989                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   335076                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3156                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               2136062                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22548415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               2136574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.553538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22542287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22542287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22542287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22542287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22542287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22542287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2235316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2235316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2235316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2235316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2235316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2235316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31048091756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31048091756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31048091756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  31048091756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  31048091756                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  31048091756                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24777603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24777603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24777603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24777603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24777603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24777603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13889.799812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13889.799812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13889.799812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13889.799812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13889.799812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13889.799812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       282467                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35308.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        99242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        99242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        99242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2136074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2136074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2136074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2136074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2136074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2136074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22284608255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22284608255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22284608255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22284608255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22284608255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22284608255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10432.507607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10432.507607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10432.507607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10432.507607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10432.507607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10432.507607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        36345                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         25896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        36361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.712192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083929941300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        25469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        25469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        25469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36549                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        36549                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        36549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        36549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    729705002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    729705002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    729705002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    729705002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    729705002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    729705002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        62018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        62018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        62018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.589329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.589329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.589329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.589329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.589329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.589329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19965.115379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19965.115379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19965.115379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19965.115379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19965.115379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19965.115379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          394                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          394                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    618272423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    618272423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    618272423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618272423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    618272423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    618272423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.589329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.589329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.589329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16916.260992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16916.260992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16916.260992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16916.260992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16916.260992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16916.260992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1316560                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        181084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1316576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.137542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       180692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       180692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       180692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       180692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       180692                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       180692                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1316875                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1316875                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1316875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1316875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1316875                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1316875                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17285367977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17285367977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17285367977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17285367977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17285367977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17285367977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1497567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1497567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1497567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1497567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1497567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1497567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.879343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.879343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.879343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13126.050671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13126.050671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13126.050671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13126.050671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13126.050671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13126.050671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5400                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5400                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1316875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1316875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1316875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1316875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1316875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1316875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13270574026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13270574026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13270574026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13270574026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13270574026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13270574026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10077.322469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10077.322469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10077.322469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10077.322469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10077.322469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10077.322469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1183252                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.153725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44466782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1183764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 37.563891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.153725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26627413                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26627413                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17791076                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17791076                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44418489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44418489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44418489                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44418489                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1869299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1869299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       352189                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       352189                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2221488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2221488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2221488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2221488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67665741280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  67665741280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11058983088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11058983088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78724724368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78724724368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78724724368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78724724368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28496712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28496712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18143265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18143265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46639977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46639977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46639977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46639977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36198.457967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36198.457967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31400.705553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31400.705553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35437.834626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35437.834626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35437.834626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35437.834626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           835218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       990058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       990058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       995866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       995866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       995866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       995866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       879241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       879241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       346381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       346381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1225622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1225622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1225622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1225622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18237802910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18237802910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9608723528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9608723528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27846526438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27846526438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27846526438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27846526438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1557915932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1557915932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3509739141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3509739141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5067655073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5067655073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20742.666584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20742.666584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27740.330815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27740.330815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22720.321957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22720.321957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22720.321957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22720.321957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               290592607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        32176374                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     32176374                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3583750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23764385                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16736445                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    122963623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             147442624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           32176374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16736445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             50235048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11871377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            524365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89428916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       269605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        60435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          177                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24777609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2147152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          11527                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    271630740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.089780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.545573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       222308575     81.84%     81.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4656446      1.71%     83.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2369596      0.87%     84.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3394872      1.25%     85.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3511671      1.29%     86.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3474779      1.28%     88.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3488689      1.28%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3324193      1.22%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        25101919      9.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    271630740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.110727                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.507386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       120183606                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94983953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         47344193                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       970417                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       8148571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     290945107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           44                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       8148571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       124062781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       45847791                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39539585                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         44375531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9656481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     283440148                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        72275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3197090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4542829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       233850                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    316156800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    711663732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    680978418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30685314                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    245590621                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        70566290                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1227643                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1258483                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26505296                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     34159674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21376099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2276769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1514452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         262340909                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1551942                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        248378039                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       592010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     42025004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     60714107                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       399573                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271630740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.914396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.587223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176761395     65.07%     65.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32256979     11.88%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21837038      8.04%     84.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15105290      5.56%     90.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10844942      3.99%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7678375      2.83%     97.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5111156      1.88%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1591985      0.59%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443580      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271630740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         547354     36.15%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4405      0.29%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        605258     39.98%     76.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       356923     23.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4130185      1.66%      1.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    182635319     73.53%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9201306      3.70%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32363148     13.03%     91.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20048081      8.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     248378039                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.854729                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1513940                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006095                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    749056374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    290981273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232160985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21882279                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14960457                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10717017                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     234823960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10937834                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3091516                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6021266                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        41424                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        31132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3289027                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        28405                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       8148571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       36886707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       453554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    263892851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6299524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34159674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21376099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1340212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        247006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        33755                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        31132                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1440954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2505688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3946642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    244601121                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31588698                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3776918                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            51362622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        25082804                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19773924                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.841732                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             243174519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            242878002                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        162073473                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        270245157                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.835802                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.599728                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     45363813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1152369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3588358                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263572708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.828197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.817693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191958403     72.83%     72.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24422624      9.27%     82.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14799034      5.61%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11549590      4.38%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5342427      2.03%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3012875      1.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2391039      0.91%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1933296      0.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8163420      3.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263572708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109801275                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     218290211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              46225494                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             28138419                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             161188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22844690                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        210234574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      8163420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           518727340                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          535558577                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1035671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               18961867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179915378483                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109801275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            218290211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109801275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.646532                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.646532                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.377853                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.377853                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       486806782                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      258592554                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18770143                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9800919                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      101733349                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1167731                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7398152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7786312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1159104680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231438680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1405915844                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1159104680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1159104680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2546585                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150536606                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154897719                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       924769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144888085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32501884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179292991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           42534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19694308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19765194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19315516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3856733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23428419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19315516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19315516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             42437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2508567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2581242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             43664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19315516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6365301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             26009661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2513449                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1949                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1923                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2047                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2553989                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  335076                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1997                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109694345                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210908084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           210012926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                46065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13413667                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  210012926                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       46065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         529481641                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232881327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              74830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52283336                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32536491                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19746845                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961058407.906067                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             246128107.093950                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
