
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55179                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98371                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30021547                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490144                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536748                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              311616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    284900276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1067061111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464387450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    284900276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1358316855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.726567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613544000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.726567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    242953832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    242953832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    243901832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    243901832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    243901832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    243901832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180769.220238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180769.220238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178551.853587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178551.853587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178551.853587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178551.853587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1473600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10304.895105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       679100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       679100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    226773176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226773176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227452276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227452276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227452276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227452276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30868.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30868.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168730.041667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168730.041667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166509.718887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166509.718887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166509.718887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166509.718887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           258                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1835.189312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.294574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           90.242032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.267947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.350443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1176.948920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    517.380106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.287341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1632                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          555                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4706                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             670                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  670                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          637                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3246                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3563                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7727512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2940741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221999388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105732652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338400293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33073649                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33073649                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7727512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2940741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221999388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138806301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       371473942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7727512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2940741                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221999388                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138806301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      371473942                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.640544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.408199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.793970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.794486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.426655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.426655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108838.197183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108916.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103399.808104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106908.647118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104251.476587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104663.446203                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104333.277603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108838.197183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108916.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103399.808104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106364.981609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104258.754420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108838.197183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108916.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103399.808104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106364.981609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104258.754420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7339212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2568841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210142066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100316522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320366641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31318149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31318149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7339212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2568841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210142066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131634671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351684790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7339212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2568841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210142066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131634671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    351684790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241021                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241021                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.640544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.793970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.424859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103369.183099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102753.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97877.068468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101432.277048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99123.341894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99108.066456                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99108.066456                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103369.183099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102753.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97877.068468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100869.479693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99121.981398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103369.183099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102753.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97877.068468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100869.479693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99121.981398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1799.494758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.359636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.397210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.351640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1206.394542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    539.991866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7068412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2483641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202507008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96834699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308893760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30076166                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30076166                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7068412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2483641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202507008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126910865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338969926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7068412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2483641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202507008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    126910865                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338969926                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.989519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102440.753623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99345.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95612.373938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98209.633874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96228.585670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95783.968153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95479.892063                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102440.753623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99345.640000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95612.373938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97623.742308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96161.681135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102440.753623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99345.640000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95612.373938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97623.742308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96161.681135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6111522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2136693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172757912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83102810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264108937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25612733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25612733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6111522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2136693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172757912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108715543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289721670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6111522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2136693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172757912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108715543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289721670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88572.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85467.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81566.530689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84282.768763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.658849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81569.213376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81569.213376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88572.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85467.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81566.530689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83627.340769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82494.780752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88572.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85467.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81566.530689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83627.340769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82494.780752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3268                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.961058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.813647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616552300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.663097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.871018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4459                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4459                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310883838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310883838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310883838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    310883838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    310883838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    310883838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.144726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69720.528818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69704.896413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69720.528818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69704.896413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69720.528818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69704.896413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243093205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243093205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243093205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243093205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243093205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243093205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.122655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64327.389521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64327.389521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64327.389521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64327.389521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64327.389521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64327.389521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          110                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.051935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.145455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598744859300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.917434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.682340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4376645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4376645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4376645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.249493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.249493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.249493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35582.479675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34735.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35582.479675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34735.277778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35582.479675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34735.277778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3984221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3984221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3984221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3984221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3984221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3984221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.249493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.249493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.249493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32392.040650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32392.040650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32392.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32392.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32392.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32392.040650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2485                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.919441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.286117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618611300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.813795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.105646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          782                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          782                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35655720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35655720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35655720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35655720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35655720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35655720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.761876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.761876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.761876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14290.869739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14250.887290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14290.869739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14250.887290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14290.869739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14250.887290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27940566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27940566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27940566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27940566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27940566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27940566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11198.623647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11198.623647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11198.623647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11198.623647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11198.623647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11198.623647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1447                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               367.667310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.806496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.933758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   366.733553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.716276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.718100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17374                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17375                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49791                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49792                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2801                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2802                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3216                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222566342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222566342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37084510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37084510                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    259650852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259650852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    259650852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    259650852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79459.600857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79431.242684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89793.002421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89576.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80787.446173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80737.205224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80787.446173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80737.205224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114650366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114650366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34584163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34584163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149234529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149234529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149234529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149234529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10648044                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10648044                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022430                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74207.356634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74207.356634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86677.100251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86677.100251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76766.733025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76766.733025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76766.733025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76766.733025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876771                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44764                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33340                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18250                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214483                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             64                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.878366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.351153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391389     86.31%     86.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2860      0.63%     86.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2524      0.56%     87.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3384      0.75%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5083      1.12%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3815      0.84%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5842      1.29%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2883      0.64%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35703      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051056                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20851                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        382812                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20851                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         110102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        14165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        364279                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       402472                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       911634                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       911476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          157669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1063                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            338936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           300209                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       114247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       171000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          822                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.430254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341699     75.35%     75.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37226      8.21%     83.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        24130      5.32%     88.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18380      4.05%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12998      2.87%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9883      2.18%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6449      1.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2262      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          456      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            710     48.14%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           383     25.97%     74.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          382     25.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3213      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230860     76.90%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42727     14.23%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23399      7.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        300209                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.342403                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1475                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004913                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1058166                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       454982                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       285982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        298441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18977                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9651                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20851                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       340649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1347                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6445                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       291206                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40512                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29846                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22309                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.332135                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                286782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               286000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           188478                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           299791                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326197                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628698                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       123567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6916                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358341     82.81%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27528      6.36%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13734      3.17%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11697      2.70%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6877      1.59%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3391      0.78%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1970      0.46%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2783      0.64%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6400      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118071                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47776                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29941                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24079                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215135                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6400                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766796                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             702316                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.425795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.425795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          564797                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         312729                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         128199                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.019741                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3019740582654                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10618803736164                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26603                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46213                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               26704971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5277952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                113077.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3008266310                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5225673321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1947008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7292352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1385664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     99173696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    486510272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           596312576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     99173696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       99173696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    268812672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        268812672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1549589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7601723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9317384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4200198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4200198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       644760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2414894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     32841793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    161109956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              197471458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     32841793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          32841793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         89018465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              89018465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         89018465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       644760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2414894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       458869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     32841793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    161109956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             286489923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    31000                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.965789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    31016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.797030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.168758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.987314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.010547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.997862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             511                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30464                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          30536                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30931                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           31047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     19304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2068306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21372306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5480317192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5485919192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5499621192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7670306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5507291498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5499621192                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7670306                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5507291498                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30464                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           77                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          31065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         31065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.975191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41336.188437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47006.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41824.473581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179894.865809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77805.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179654.152214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177802.890046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66123.327586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177385.624956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177802.890046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66123.327586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177385.624956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     36278500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3452                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10509.414832                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          30511                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               30511                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        30536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     13591900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1522300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15114200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5113281868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4718200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5118000068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5126873768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6240500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5133114268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5126873768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6240500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5133114268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29104.710921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34597.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29577.690802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167846.699974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65530.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167605.451533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165751.956548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53797.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165333.664058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165751.956548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53797.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165333.664058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          476                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1949696                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          476                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      30257770                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4013.773764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       129158872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      30261788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.268052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625738433844                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          995.892700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.551931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.132168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    894.908287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1930.281100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.243138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.218483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.471260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46807022                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3905549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16995786                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     35632415                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              103340772                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        31414654                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             31414654                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1491664                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1491664                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8838018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              8838018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46807022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3905549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16995786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44470433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               112178790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46807022                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3905549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16995786                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44470433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              112178790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       663021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220848                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7016362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16751506                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24651737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9472                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9472                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5529546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5529546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       663021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7016362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22281052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              30181283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       663021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220848                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7016362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22281052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             30181283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23607641936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6642585121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 277987957214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 728071638184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1036309822455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229903157                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    229903157                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374792240689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 374792240689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23607641936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6642585121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 277987957214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1102863878873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1411102063144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  23607641936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6642585121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 277987957214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1102863878873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1411102063144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47470043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24012148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52383921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          127992509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     31414654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         31414654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1501136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1501136                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14367564                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14367564                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47470043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24012148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     66751485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           142360073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47470043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24012148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     66751485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          142360073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.292201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.192603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006310                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.006310                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.384863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.384863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.292201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.212007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.292201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.212007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35606.175273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30077.633128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39619.956498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43463.055691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42038.004156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24271.870460                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24271.870460                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67779.929978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67779.929978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35606.175273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30077.633128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39619.956498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49497.836946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46754.210652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35606.175273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30077.633128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39619.956498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49497.836946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46754.210652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11210433                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11210433                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       662982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7016352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16751422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24651534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9472                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9472                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5529546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5529546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       662982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7016352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22280968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         30181080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       662982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7016352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22280968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        30181080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19999553297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5420334337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 238289916931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 634415178307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 898124982872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    764377161                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764377161                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 343862905629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 343862905629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19999553297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5420334337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 238289916931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 978278083936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241987888501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19999553297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5420334337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 238289916931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 978278083936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241987888501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    164923582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    164923582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    390183771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    390183771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    555107353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    555107353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.292200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006310                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006310                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.384863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.292200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.212005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.292200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30166.057747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24551.061868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33962.081283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37872.317843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36432.823323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80698.602302                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80698.602302                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62186.462619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62186.462619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30166.057747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24551.061868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33962.081283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43906.444457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41151.207594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30166.057747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24551.061868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33962.081283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43906.444457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41151.207594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       9261545                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32220.080569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26573351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9294071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.859172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625562500387                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10989.860465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.049922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.030074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   521.570660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.090145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6353.993357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14224.479817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.335384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.193908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.434097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       549039                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       199127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5466762                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12344755                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18559683                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11210433                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11210433                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1715                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1715                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2334023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2334023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       549039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       199127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14678778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20893706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       549039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       199127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5466762                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14678778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20893706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1549590                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4406667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              6091851                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7907                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7907                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3195373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3195373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1549590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7602040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9287224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1549590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7602040                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9287224                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10625908250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2049898351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 144816593113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 412548087617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   570040487331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56729912                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     56729912                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 296600190807                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 296600190807                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10625908250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2049898351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 144816593113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709148278424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    866640678138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10625908250                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2049898351                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 144816593113                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 709148278424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   866640678138                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       662982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7016352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16751422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24651534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11210433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11210433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9622                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9622                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5529396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5529396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       662982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7016352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22280818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            30180930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       662982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       220778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7016352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22280818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           30180930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.098067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.247119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821763                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.821763                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.577888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.577888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.098067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.307718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.098067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.307718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93256.349666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94679.153434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.780370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93619.074828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93574.266234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7174.644239                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7174.644239                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92821.774111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92821.774111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93256.349666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94679.153434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.780370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93283.944629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93315.362926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93256.349666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94679.153434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.780370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93283.944629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93315.362926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4169687                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4169687                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1549590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4406667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6091851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7907                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7907                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3195373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3195373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1549590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7602040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9287224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       113943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1549590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7602040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9287224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9028050436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1747195854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 122968603523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 350496925535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 484240775348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    619036238                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619036238                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250835618011                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 250835618011                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9028050436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1747195854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 122968603523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 601332543546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 735076393359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9028050436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1747195854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 122968603523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 601332543546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 735076393359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    147084740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    147084740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    343048312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    343048312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    490133052                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    490133052                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.098067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821763                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821763                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.577888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.098067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.307718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.171864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.098067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.041398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80698.159623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.573747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79537.874211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79489.924384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78289.646895                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78289.646895                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78499.636196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78499.636196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.041398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80698.159623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.573747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79101.470598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79149.204688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.041398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80698.159623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79355.573747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79101.470598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79149.204688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          766                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         13                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    6671                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        31                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2518                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2029                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     4641                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  15                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              24012254                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               744347159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              24012766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.997977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    744338619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      744338619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    744338619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       744338619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    744338619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      744338619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25892184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25892184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25892184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25892184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25892184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25892184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 635745690638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 635745690638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 635745690638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 635745690638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 635745690638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 635745690638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    770230803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770230803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    770230803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    770230803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    770230803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    770230803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24553.575343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24553.575343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24553.575343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24553.575343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24553.575343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24553.575343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     16286997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            401                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40615.952618                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1879817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1879817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1879817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1879817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1879817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1879817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24012367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24012367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24012367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24012367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24012367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24012367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 488480275402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 488480275402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 488480275402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 488480275402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 488480275402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 488480275402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20342.862301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20342.862301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20342.862301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20342.862301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20342.862301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20342.862301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4126639                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13950504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4126655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.380584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13950286                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13950286                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13950286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13950286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13950286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13950286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4126839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4126839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126839                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4126839                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65056051973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  65056051973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65056051973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  65056051973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65056051973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  65056051973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18077125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18077125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18077125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     18077125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18077125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     18077125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15764.136176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15764.136176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15764.136176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15764.136176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15764.136176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15764.136176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3883                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3883                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4126839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4126839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4126839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4126839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  52058042047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52058042047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  52058042047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52058042047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  52058042047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52058042047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12614.507628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12614.507628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12614.507628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12614.507628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12614.507628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12614.507628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     47481650                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      94353430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     47481666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.987155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94352997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     94352997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94352997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     94352997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94352997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     94352997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47491107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     47491107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47491107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     47491107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47491107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     47491107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 597334104781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 597334104781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 597334104781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 597334104781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 597334104781                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 597334104781                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141844104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    141844104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141844104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    141844104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    141844104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    141844104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.334812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.334812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.334812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12577.809668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12577.809668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12577.809668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12577.809668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12577.809668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12577.809668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        32580                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        32580                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47491107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47491107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47491107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47491107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47491107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47491107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 449148020957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 449148020957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 449148020957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 449148020957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 449148020957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 449148020957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9457.518456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9457.518456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9457.518456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9457.518456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9457.518456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9457.518456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              66751062                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1488295120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              66751574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.296030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1098689482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1098689482                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    387851288                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     387851288                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1486540770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1486540770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1486540770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1486540770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     82184745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     82184745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15915868                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15915868                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     98100613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      98100613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     98100613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     98100613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2407591685367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2407591685367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573494998894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 573494998894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2981086684261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2981086684261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2981086684261                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2981086684261                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1180874227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1180874227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    403767156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    403767156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1584641383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1584641383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1584641383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1584641383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29294.873220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29294.873220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36032.907467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36032.907467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30388.053582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30388.053582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30388.053582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30388.053582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     31378191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         31378191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29781958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     29781958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        77462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        77462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29859420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     29859420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29859420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     29859420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     52402787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     52402787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15838406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15838406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     68241193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     68241193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     68241193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     68241193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1155586403135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1155586403135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 513158538463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 513158538463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1668744941598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668744941598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1668744941598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668744941598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    172015721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    172015721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    407998658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    407998658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    580014379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    580014379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039227                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039227                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22052.002752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22052.002752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32399.632795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32399.632795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24453.630838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24453.630838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24453.630838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24453.630838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9068290038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       894686466                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    894686466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     97363588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    647207422                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       524410386                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2947694594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4970439144                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          894686466                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    524410386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1470284820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      517210355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         128393072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2827460091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2851689                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4954                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        770231164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     48182204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1927250                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7794919085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.116785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.558663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6348794404     81.45%     81.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        90258834      1.16%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        86881905      1.11%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       132084628      1.69%     85.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4       100831434      1.29%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       121027778      1.55%     88.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        91231510      1.17%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       101354061      1.30%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       722454531      9.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7794919085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.098661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.548112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3056607959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2908130138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1354489140                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     57622812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     418069036                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8497070906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     418069036                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3181468974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2362819063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     37016481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1276105084                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    519440447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8260334248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4770790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      91360613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    400327053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2894081                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9250051801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20824185011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20752674926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     71510085                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5911930945                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3338120834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1629033                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1634155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1123741392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1609512744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    644261340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    105313425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     71428861                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7893812639                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3796200                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6873250989                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     16233946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2583191103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3862263204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1763348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7794919085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.881760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.500016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4990619397     64.02%     64.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1016287904     13.04%     77.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    706306621      9.06%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    433264221      5.56%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    301422169      3.87%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    195499263      2.51%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    106443597      1.37%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37896697      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7179216      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7794919085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9636702     29.77%     29.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        49478      0.15%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13507670     41.72%     71.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9180432     28.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     47469878      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4923628156     71.63%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11415043      0.17%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1363241256     19.83%     92.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    527496656      7.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6873250989                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.757943                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32374282                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21584231591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10444214432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6644912211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     43483433                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     37859355                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     20061079                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6836492395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21662998                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    146367466                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    553268155                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1202070                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1334621                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    240500570                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       328159                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1465                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     418069036                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1665220211                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     36285088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7897608839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     46438534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1609512744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    644261385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3163350                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      14093443                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4378604                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1334621                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     66845246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     38025097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    104870343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6761221583                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1327611338                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    112029404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1844932848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       647549042                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         517321510                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.745589                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6685716657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6664973290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4676588910                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7249099130                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.734976                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645127                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2691586806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2032852                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     97696796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7377144052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.706215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.763295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5765849765     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    553488819      7.50%     85.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    250781591      3.40%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    304558064      4.13%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    112603922      1.53%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     65079161      0.88%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49115345      0.67%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34719019      0.47%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    240948366      3.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7377144052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999759251                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5209849817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1460005394                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1056244581                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             253572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         546588767                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15706204                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5177771716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    240948366                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15037185650                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16222680897                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25608261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1273370953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999759251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5209849817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999759251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.023006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.023006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.330797                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.330797                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13112364554                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7412115091                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         19153608                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14896661                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3258996938                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1511671                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       176552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        78181720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        13326862                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           91768526                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     78181720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      78181720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1454                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9583844                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10818194                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        22069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9772715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2063106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11868085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              60                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1289419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1308743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        58466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        26010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           25890211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            4413247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              30389540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      25890211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         25890211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       408279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           3173731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3582491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       409076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        58466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        26010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          25890211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           7586978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             33972031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         766                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        13                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   6671                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       31                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2518                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    4641                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2029                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 16                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9063763761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7430908                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13916762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13860441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9589                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1068320                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13860441                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9589                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          35845530                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15910873                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14503                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6110                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3359998                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2067530                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1292468                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9047509949.926529                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             16253811.073472                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001793                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998207                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
