
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161268                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   287532                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               87803835                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536366                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       134912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       134912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         134976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    461976755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1044269089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    461976755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         462195909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    461976755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1321498973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.704339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613978000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.704339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229989840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    229989840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230874840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    230874840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230874840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    230874840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179679.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179679.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1250400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9060.869565                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       619700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       619700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214581676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214581676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215201376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215201376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215201376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215201376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29509.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29509.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167641.934375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167641.934375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           276                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1790.352728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              97                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.351449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.439250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.971263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.933139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.085131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.193174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1163.192069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    513.538834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.283982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.437098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3209                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7559905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2697721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221366503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102526179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      334150308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32947952                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32947952                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7559905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2697721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221366503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135474131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       367098260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7559905                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2697721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221366503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135474131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      367098260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.397991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.822454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.822917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.417308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.417308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107998.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107908.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103442.291121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106576.069647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104129.108133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104596.673016                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104265.670886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107998.642857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107908.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103442.291121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106087.808144                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104141.350355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107998.642857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107908.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103442.291121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106087.808144                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104141.350355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7177505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2561021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209544682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97262147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    316545355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31199252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31199252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7177505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2561021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209544682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128461399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347744607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7177505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2561021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209544682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128461399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347744607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.822454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102535.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102440.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97918.075701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101104.102911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99013.248358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99045.244444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99045.244444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102535.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102440.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97918.075701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.240407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99016.118166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102535.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102440.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97918.075701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.240407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99016.118166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1776.510251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.268124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.042123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.194376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1191.882469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    531.123295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6920750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2475221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201907630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93939980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305243581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29957907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29957907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6920750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2475221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201907630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123897887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335201488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6920750                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2475221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201907630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123897887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335201488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100300.724638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99008.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.608159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98160.898642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96260.984232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95712.162939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95407.347134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100300.724638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99008.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.608159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97557.391339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96184.071162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100300.724638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99008.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.608159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97557.391339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96184.071162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5964675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2127421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172285774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80589722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260967592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25508254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25508254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5964675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2127421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172285774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106097976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286475846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5964675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2127421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172285774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106097976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286475846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86444.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85096.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81729.494307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84210.785789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82610.823678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81496.019169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81496.019169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86444.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85096.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81729.494307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83541.713386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82510.324309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86444.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85096.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81729.494307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83541.713386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82510.324309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3589                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.912764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.174979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.253065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.659699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.831861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4792                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4792                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312405193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312405193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312405193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312405193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312405193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312405193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65206.677729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.070326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65206.677729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.070326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65206.677729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.070326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244181226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244181226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244181226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244181226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244181226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244181226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59585.462665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59585.462665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          130                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.019679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.030769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598747100300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.884499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.688730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4604746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4604746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4604746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4604746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4604746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4604746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32201.020979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31539.356164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32201.020979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31539.356164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32201.020979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31539.356164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4153698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4153698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4153698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4153698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4153698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4153698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29046.839161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29046.839161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2517                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.913421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.274533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619300300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.820716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.092705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36646411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36646411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36646411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36646411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36646411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36646411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14501.943411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14461.882794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14501.943411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14461.882794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14501.943411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14461.882794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28842156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28842156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28842156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28842156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28842156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28842156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11413.595568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.595568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1156                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.585117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.317474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598702452300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.502668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.082449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.828286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.829268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17380                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17381                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2794                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2796                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    213279995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213279995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36921306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36921306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250201301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    250201301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250201301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    250201301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88940.781902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88903.707795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93235.621212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93000.770781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89549.499284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89485.443848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89549.499284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89485.443848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109528460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109528460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34497331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34497331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144025791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144025791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144025791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144025791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10651940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10651940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021602                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85302.538941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85302.538941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89836.799479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89836.799479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44037                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32936                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17980                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1324                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             72                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.871363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.343403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388755     86.42%     86.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2822      0.63%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2444      0.54%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3386      0.75%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5029      1.12%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3664      0.81%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5753      1.28%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2801      0.62%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35194      7.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240601                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       171253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2154                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376956                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        358532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       395748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       895514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       895364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243984                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1043                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1045                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27326                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3134                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297428                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       161685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          810                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.661174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.433751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339593     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36666      8.15%     83.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23540      5.23%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18069      4.02%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12889      2.87%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9832      2.19%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6512      1.45%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2289      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          458      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            745     47.88%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     27.70%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          380     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3204      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228943     76.97%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41944     14.10%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23327      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297428                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339240                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1556                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       444650                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5045                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18036                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9496                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288769                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39796                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29612                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22278                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329363                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283516                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186510                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296533                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323372                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628969                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7004                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355265     82.67%     82.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27582      6.42%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13841      3.22%     92.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11763      2.74%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6844      1.59%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3417      0.80%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2005      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2804      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6226      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117689                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47506                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29682                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23998                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6226                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758754                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             691172                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 426901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216480                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.449711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.449711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560697                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310189                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126781                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.060088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3060088104411                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10659151257921                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56532                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98400                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57294021                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5223580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53410.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019374737                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5255587350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1690944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6712064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1327360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     92682688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    469993856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           572419776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     92682688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       92682688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    261175936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        261175936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        26421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1448167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7343654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8944059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4080874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4080874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       552580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       433765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30287588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    153588341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              187059900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30287588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30287588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85349156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85349156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85349156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       552580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2193422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       433765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30287588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    153588341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             272409056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    27859                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.952697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    27875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.764837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.187861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.985302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.011741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.997044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            19                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               19                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          258                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          27458                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            28036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          411                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           28036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7221384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25155384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4806241600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20235000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4826476600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4824175600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27456384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4851631984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4824175600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27456384                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4851631984                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          28103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         28103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.761194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.923323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42197.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47198.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43521.425606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176700.058824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78430.232558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175776.698958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174630.790950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66803.854015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173050.077900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174630.790950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66803.854015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173050.077900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32163500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10714.023984                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          27368                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               27368                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12671300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5322600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17993900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4478386808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17069900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4495456708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4491058108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22392500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4513450608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4491058108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22392500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4513450608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.761194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29814.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34788.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31131.314879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164646.573824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66162.403101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163721.199942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162572.239204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54482.968370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160987.680411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162572.239204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54482.968370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160987.680411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          425                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1740800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          425                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29515487                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4022.946968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       129994310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29519548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.403669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627666063600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1010.303804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   141.668065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.526815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    912.705294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1911.736667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.246656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.222828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.466733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44080724                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3340744                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16742138                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     27515948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               91679554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        43914876                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             43914876                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1510099                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1510099                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24311435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             24311435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44080724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3340744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16742138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     51827383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               115990989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44080724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3340744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16742138                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     51827383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              115990989                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6581124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16498239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23906357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10968                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10968                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5546155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5546155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6581124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22044394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29452512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617580                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209414                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6581124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22044394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29452512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21923043104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6327376338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 260426062907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 707144585095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   995821067444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121385719                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    121385719                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369666486508                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 369666486508                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21923043104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6327376338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 260426062907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1076811071603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1365487553952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21923043104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6327376338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 260426062907                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1076811071603                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1365487553952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44698304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23323262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44014187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          115585911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     43914876                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         43914876                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1521067                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1521067                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29857590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         29857590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44698304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23323262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     73871777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           145443501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44698304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23323262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     73871777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          145443501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.206828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.185754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.202501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.202501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35498.304841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30214.676851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39571.669354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42861.822107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41655.073897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11067.261032                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11067.261032                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66652.750691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66652.750691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35498.304841                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30214.676851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39571.669354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48847.388211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46362.346069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35498.304841                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30214.676851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39571.669354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48847.388211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46362.346069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11133804                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11133804                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           67                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6581117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16498172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23906147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5546155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5546155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6581117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22044327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29452302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6581117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22044327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29452302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18563212611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5166416714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 223189856186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 614840653349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 861760138860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    887003434                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887003434                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 338676194825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 338676194825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18563212611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5166416714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 223189856186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 953516848174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200436333685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18563212611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5166416714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 223189856186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 953516848174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200436333685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    148330103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148330103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    354373828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    354373828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    502703931                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    502703931                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007211                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007211                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.202500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.282170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.202500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30060.519703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24680.727626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33913.673953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37267.198654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36047.638244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80871.939643                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80871.939643                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61065.043228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61065.043228                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30060.519703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24680.727626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33913.673953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43254.522952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40758.658990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30060.519703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24680.727626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33913.673953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43254.522952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40758.658990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8891625                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32216.372747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26120496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8923955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.927009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627718466263                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11200.224184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.056605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.036096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   499.873612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.137130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6230.452331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14155.587041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.341804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.190138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.431994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       512652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       188590                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5132949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12282601                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18116792                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11133804                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11133804                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1928                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1928                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2417499                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2417499                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       512652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       188590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5132949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14700100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20534291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       512652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       188590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5132949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14700100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20534291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1448168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4215571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5789355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3128580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3128580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1448168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7344151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8917935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1448168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7344151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8917935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9784363516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1963764724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 135317542769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 394605593648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   541671264657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67139441                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     67139441                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 290438172197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 290438172197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9784363516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1963764724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 135317542769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 685043765845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    832109436854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9784363516                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1963764724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 135317542769                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 685043765845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   832109436854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6581117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16498172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23906147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11133804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11133804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11044                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11044                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5546079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5546079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6581117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22044251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29452226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       617528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       209330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6581117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22044251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29452226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.255517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.242170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825426                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.825426                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.564107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.302793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.302793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93294.590907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94684.895082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93440.500528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93606.677161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93563.318307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7365.011079                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7365.011079                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92833.864628                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92833.864628                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93294.590907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94684.895082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93440.500528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.462003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93307.412182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93294.590907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94684.895082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93440.500528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.462003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93307.412182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4053506                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4053506                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1448168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4215571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5789355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9116                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9116                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3128580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3128580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1448168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7344151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8917935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       104876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        20740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1448168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7344151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8917935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8313747221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1673768776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 114896143392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 335228276380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 460111935769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    711434330                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    711434330                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 245599840857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 245599840857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8313747221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1673768776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 114896143392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 580828117237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 705711776626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8313747221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1673768776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 114896143392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 580828117237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 705711776626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    132323636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    132323636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    311291127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    311291127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    443614763                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    443614763                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.255517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825426                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825426                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.302793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.220049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79272.161610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80702.448216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.960253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79521.440009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79475.509063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78042.379333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78042.379333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.017163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.017163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79272.161610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80702.448216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.960253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79087.169809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79133.989721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79272.161610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80702.448216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.960253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79087.169809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79133.989721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   23607                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6855                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    16752                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             22                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  39                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23323480                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               718002601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23323992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.783864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    717996654                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      717996654                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    717996654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       717996654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    717996654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      717996654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25119239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25119239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25119239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25119239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25119239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25119239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 604595288680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 604595288680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 604595288680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 604595288680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 604595288680                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 604595288680                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    743115893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    743115893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    743115893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    743115893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    743115893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    743115893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24069.012946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24069.012946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24069.012946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24069.012946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24069.012946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24069.012946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15595293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            387                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40297.914729                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1795637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1795637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1795637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1795637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1795637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1795637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23323602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23323602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23323602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23323602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23323602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23323602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463152164906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 463152164906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463152164906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 463152164906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463152164906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 463152164906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19857.660275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19857.660275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19857.660275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19857.660275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19857.660275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19857.660275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3550322                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      12607252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3550338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.551000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12607014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     12607014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12607014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     12607014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12607014                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     12607014                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3550523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3550523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3550523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  55352362916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55352362916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  55352362916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55352362916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  55352362916                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55352362916                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16157537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16157537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16157537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     16157537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16157537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     16157537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15589.918138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15589.918138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15589.918138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15589.918138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15589.918138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15589.918138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1400                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1400                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3550523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3550523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3550523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3550523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44126780134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44126780134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44126780134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44126780134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44126780134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44126780134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12428.247932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12428.247932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12428.247932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12428.247932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12428.247932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12428.247932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     44710123                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      89274130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     44710139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.996731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89273503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     89273503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89273503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     89273503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89273503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     89273503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44720803                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     44720803                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44720803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     44720803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44720803                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     44720803                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 574140832067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 574140832067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 574140832067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 574140832067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 574140832067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 574140832067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133994306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133994306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133994306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    133994306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133994306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    133994306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.333752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.333752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.333752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12838.339063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.339063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12838.339063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.339063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12838.339063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.339063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        22202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        22202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44720803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44720803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44720803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     44720803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44720803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     44720803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 434611092630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 434611092630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 434611092630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 434611092630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 434611092630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 434611092630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.333752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9718.320412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9718.320412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9718.320412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9718.320412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9718.320412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9718.320412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              73871861                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1461894655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              73872373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.789464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1087405407                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1087405407                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    372699773                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     372699773                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1460105180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1460105180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1460105180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1460105180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     69477340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     69477340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     31413568                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     31413568                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    100890908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total     100890908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    100890908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total    100890908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2209041969457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2209041969457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 817279008554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 817279008554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3026320978011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3026320978011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3026320978011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3026320978011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1156882747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1156882747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    404113341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    404113341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1560996088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1560996088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1560996088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1560996088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31795.143128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31795.143128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26016.752015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26016.752015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29995.973255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29995.973255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29995.973255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29995.973255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     43891274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         43891274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25455981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     25455981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        52536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        52536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25508517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25508517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25508517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25508517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44021359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44021359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     31361032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     31361032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     75382391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     75382391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     75382391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     75382391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1070356338056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070356338056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 698527019814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 698527019814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1768883357870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1768883357870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1768883357870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1768883357870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    154703187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    154703187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    370628528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    370628528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    525331715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    525331715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24314.477389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24314.477389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22273.725553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22273.725553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23465.471636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23465.471636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23465.471636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23465.471636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9189453767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       873022223                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    873022223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     93472278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    629615212                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       508743766                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2856186933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4811900176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          873022223                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    508743766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1424204950                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      476949695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         115197891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    3233284504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       141831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2599990                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3617                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        743116241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     45804917                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1676919                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   8013043211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.053260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.499257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6612659078     82.52%     82.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        86776494      1.08%     83.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        83876368      1.05%     84.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       128234225      1.60%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        97216976      1.21%     87.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       116029834      1.45%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        88462919      1.10%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        97504388      1.22%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       702282929      8.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   8013043211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095003                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.523633                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2946601759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   3317092662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1307777657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     60147638                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     381423495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8241226112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3761                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     381423495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3075911135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2681654868                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     69088523                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1227012782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    577952408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8006331181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4220356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      83230863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    467119872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2438608                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   8973403028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20181765625                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20113148946                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     68616679                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5918393512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3055009517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3691982                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3688886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1199559764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1559859075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    608359972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     94018436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     60175389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7658131531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6578508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6748244212                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     14167392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2345270382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3468784392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2579161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   8013043211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.842157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.471392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5220305672     65.15%     65.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1052165630     13.13%     78.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    693860036      8.66%     86.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    419561163      5.24%     92.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    288356748      3.60%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    188750085      2.36%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    105082015      1.31%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37689382      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7272480      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   8013043211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9105747     31.20%     31.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        44140      0.15%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      12956147     44.39%     75.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      7081694     24.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46103058      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4837840346     71.69%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     11055604      0.16%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1339513861     19.85%     92.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    513731343      7.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6748244212                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.734347                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           29187728                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21546447157                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   9975022512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6534568129                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42014487                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36040058                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19513976                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6710394334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20934548                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    149283335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    504303167                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1270606                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1135970                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    204253941                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       330493                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        12046                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     381423495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1894405531                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     39393278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7664710039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45665780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1559859075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    608359978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      6004532                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      12287772                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4272391                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1135970                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     64116185                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36070041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    100186226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6644268452                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1306546021                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    103975760                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1811295286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       641104716                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         504749265                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.723032                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6573701957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6554082105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4557539409                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7049816915                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.713218                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646476                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2448525433                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3999347                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     93756525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7632406603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.683824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.721743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5973156009     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    597617714      7.83%     86.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    255719704      3.35%     89.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    309059910      4.05%     93.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    114136804      1.50%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     67030502      0.88%     95.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49849656      0.65%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34505356      0.45%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    231330948      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7632406603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999759407                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5219219590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1459661945                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1055555908                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             236842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         548179596                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15505355                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5187164226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    231330948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15067864483                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        15718466942                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               22771672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1176410556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999759407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5219219590                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999759407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.063397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.063397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.326435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.326435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     12952185037                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7294614511                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18472659                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14552852                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3206220428                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3518945                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       194955808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32913953                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228660961                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    194955808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     194955808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24046525                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25284523                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24369476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5175135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29642676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3241307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3260783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       181077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        73789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           63709214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10755884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              74723653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      63709214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         63709214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       402896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7858115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8262678                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       403680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       181077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        73789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          63709214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          18613999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             82986331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  23607                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   16752                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6855                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            22                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 48                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9183863968                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18539336                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34461187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34323654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2770360                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34323654                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89641314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39331711                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8438302                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5189904                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3248398                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9143588387.163822                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40275580.836178                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004385                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995615                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
