
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50086                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14709354                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    19.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549725                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              255680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433252533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240131817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              881734015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433252533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433693952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        194444973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             194444973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        194444973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433252533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240131817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1076178988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      895                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.304114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063524000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.304114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    157583888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157583888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158242888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    158242888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158242888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    158242888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43933.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43933.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175874.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175874.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173702.401756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       992500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10025.252525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       468500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       468500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146790600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146790600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147259100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147259100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147259100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147259100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31233.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31233.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163828.794643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163828.794643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161645.554336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161645.554336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161645.554336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161645.554336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           14                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           644                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1528.868424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.639752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           58.092869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.570585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.644309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.582628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.416927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.808820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1013.028965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    421.723337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.007091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.123661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.051480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.186629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          296                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             440                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  440                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3367                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3471165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       852852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208823248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86568718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      299715983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28841262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28841262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3471165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       852852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208823248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115409980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       328557245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3471165                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       852852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208823248                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115409980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      328557245                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          440                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              440                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.428413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.844311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.446848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.446848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82646.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85285.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96143.300184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101606.476526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97152.668720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102273.978723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102273.978723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82646.785714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85285.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96143.300184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101772.469136                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97581.599347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82646.785714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85285.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96143.300184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101772.469136                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97581.599347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  32                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       32                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3240664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196801732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81905471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282745405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27273993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27273993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3240664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196801732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109179464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    310019398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3240664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196801732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109179464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    310019398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243153                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.445654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.604845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 77158.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79753.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90608.532228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96133.181925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91919.832575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96716.287234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96716.287234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 77158.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79753.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90608.532228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96278.186949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92322.631924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 77158.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79753.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90608.532228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96278.186949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92322.631924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1670.841434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            5.134707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.607957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.968644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1143.467770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.662432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              32                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   32                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2821                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186904997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78405509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269018008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26124401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26124401                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186904997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104529910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295142409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186904997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104529910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295142409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           32                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               32                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.738095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.950704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.914425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.738095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.920951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.738095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.920951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95698.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95213.956699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96796.924691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95362.640199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93972.665468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93972.665468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95698.838710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95213.956699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96075.284926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95237.950629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95698.838710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95213.956699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96075.284926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95237.950629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159325862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67098822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229589229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22158608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22158608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159325862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89257430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251747837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159325862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89257430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251747837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.738095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.950704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.738095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.918276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.738095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.961131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81164.473765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82838.051852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81646.240754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79707.223022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79707.223022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81164.473765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82038.079044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81471.791909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81164.473765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82038.079044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81471.791909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3081                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.096565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.860759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066902300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.789286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.307279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30993                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31012                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30993                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31012                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290675811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290675811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290675811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    290675811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    290675811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    290675811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68717.685816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68685.210539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68717.685816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68685.210539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68717.685816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68685.210539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227342764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227342764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227342764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227342764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227342764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227342764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63309.040379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63309.040379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63309.040379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63309.040379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63309.040379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63309.040379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.597264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.909091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.267303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2064973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2064973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2064973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2064973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2064973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2064973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.164452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.164452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21510.135417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20858.313131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21510.135417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20858.313131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21510.135417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20858.313131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1761263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1761263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1761263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18346.489583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18346.489583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18346.489583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18346.489583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18346.489583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18346.489583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2345                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.672877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.107889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.734771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.938106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          338                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29237004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29237004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29237004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     29237004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29237004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     29237004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.874768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.874768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.874768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12399.068702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12383.313850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12399.068702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12383.313850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12399.068702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12383.313850                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21959577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21959577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21959577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21959577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21959577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21959577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.874629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9312.797710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9312.797710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9312.797710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9312.797710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9312.797710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9312.797710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   972                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.717570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   22975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.636831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.410282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.307288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20738                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20738                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2688                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203141724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203141724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32172315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32172315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235314039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235314039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235314039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235314039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86849.817871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86812.702564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92184.283668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92184.283668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87542.425223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87509.869468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87542.425223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87509.869468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          440                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              440                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93036439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93036439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29932391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29932391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122968830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122968830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122968830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122968830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10651557                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10651557                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80971.661445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80971.661445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88557.369822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88557.369822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82695.917956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82695.917956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82695.917956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82695.917956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  819079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49026                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35445                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21652                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194748                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228144                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1067                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             32                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       451875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.962813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.439845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          383737     84.92%     84.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3043      0.67%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2740      0.61%     86.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3848      0.85%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6209      1.37%     88.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4045      0.90%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6373      1.41%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3335      0.74%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38545      8.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       451875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059855                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.278537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          191478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174534                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63894                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        418396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          196793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12547                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        397822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          155                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       436280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       995568                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       995478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151443                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1339                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36348                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30484                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334631                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       107759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       153827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          977                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       451875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.740539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.509336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       329686     72.96%     72.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39653      8.78%     81.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25989      5.75%     87.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19809      4.38%     91.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14887      3.29%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10753      2.38%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7950      1.76%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2624      0.58%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          524      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       451875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            873     50.40%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     24.88%     75.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          428     24.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4090      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259092     77.43%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44679     13.35%     92.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26760      8.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334631                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.408545                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1732                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1125319                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       478115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5500                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16145                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9351                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30484                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1746                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6699                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324546                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42453                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33785                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25645                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.396233                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                319992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319135                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208070                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339104                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.389627                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613588                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       116927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7502                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       431827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.586591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.552385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       346753     80.30%     80.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30360      7.03%     87.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16364      3.79%     91.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13219      3.06%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8182      1.89%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3424      0.79%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2325      0.54%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2837      0.66%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8363      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       431827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133916                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54308                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33176                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27950                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              793495                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             760905                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 367204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2118                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.116364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.116364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.163496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.163496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644187                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348076                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139620                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003771                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003770906632                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975273685041                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39619                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    74766                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1699078790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11773.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   466448436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     880242309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2605760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        28608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8023040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12279744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       554112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         554112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9231424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          9231424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       125360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               191871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         144241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              144241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              130263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        27700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       401076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 613871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        27700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             27700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           461484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                461484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           461484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             130263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        27700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       401076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1075356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    94180                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.843000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      41157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    94195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.436934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.839080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          11006                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             11006                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4825                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4825                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15831                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15831                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        69379                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           69639                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        75437                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          92077                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        144816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           161716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       144816                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          161716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2812648075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2824038075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927668920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5077668000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8005336920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939058920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7890316075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10829374995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939058920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7890316075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10829374995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        80385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         80645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        80262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        96902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       160647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         177547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       160647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        177547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.939884                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.950207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.910835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.910835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43807.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40540.337494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40552.536294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175941.641827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67310.046794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86941.765262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173908.811834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54485.112660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66965.389912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173908.811834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54485.112660                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66965.389912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21516500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1874                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11481.590181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          57898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               57898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        69379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        75437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        92077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       144816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       161716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       144816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       161716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8089400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1948445961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956535361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727122692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4145900601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6873023293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735212092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6094346562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8829558654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735212092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6094346562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8829558654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.939884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31113.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28084.088283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28095.397134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163889.584856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54958.450111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74644.300889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161846.869349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42083.378646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54599.165537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161846.869349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42083.378646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54599.165537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1424845                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4713.296973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        17765821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1429660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         12.426606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1373.233712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    51.024176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    16.915169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2412.430856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    859.692867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.167631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.294486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.575354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2556127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       134801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11167803                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1941703                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               15800434                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2259198                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2259198                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        99005                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               99005                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       553499                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               553499                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2556127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       134801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11167803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2495202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16353933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2556127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       134801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11167803                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2495202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16353933                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15636                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4864                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       710172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       409250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1139922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       281873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             281873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       710172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       691123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1421795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15636                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4864                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       710172                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       691123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1421795                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    365550032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113226994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15818149612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12287330189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    28584256827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1062938263                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1062938263                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17091796229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  17091796229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    365550032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113226994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15818149612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29379126418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     45676053056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    365550032                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113226994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15818149612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29379126418                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    45676053056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2571763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       139665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11877975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2350953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           16940356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2259199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2259199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       130302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          130302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       835372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           835372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2571763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       139665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11877975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3186325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            17775728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2571763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       139665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11877975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3186325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           17775728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.174078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.067290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240188                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.240188                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.337422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.079985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.079985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23378.743413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23278.576069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22273.688081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30024.020010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25075.625198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33962.944148                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33962.944148                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60636.514420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60636.514420                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23378.743413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23278.576069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22273.688081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42509.258725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32125.625042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23378.743413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23278.576069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22273.688081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42509.258725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32125.625042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              455711                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   455711                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       710167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       409234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1139894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        31297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       281873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        281873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       710167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       691107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1421767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       710167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       691107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1421767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    281385114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     86215857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11759092344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10002300387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22128993702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1643400658                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643400658                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15507783759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15507783759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    281385114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     86215857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11759092344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25510084146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37636777461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    281385114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     86215857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11759092344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25510084146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37636777461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4497601230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4497601230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8787617027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8787617027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13285218257                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13285218257                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.174072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240188                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240188                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.079984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17999.431587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17739.888272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16558.207216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24441.518513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19413.203072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52509.846247                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52509.846247                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55016.918112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55016.918112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17999.431587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17739.888272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16558.207216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36911.916890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26471.832207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17999.431587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17739.888272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16558.207216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36911.916890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26471.832207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        110290                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31908.750871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1412488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        142504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.911918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21506.320837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.224459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.055315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.262193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.037538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   109.870630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    39.998770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4490.059241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5758.921889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.656321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.137026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.175748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.973778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15186                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       701508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       324313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1045752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          455712                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               455712                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1114                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       136093                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               136093                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       701508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       460406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1181845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15186                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4745                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       701508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       460406                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1181845                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8659                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                94142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        58183                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             58183                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       117780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             117780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       202701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                211922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8659                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       202701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               211922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     41591270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10732357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    810127591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4428489515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5290940733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    827583795                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    827583795                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10355587899                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10355587899                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     41591270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10732357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    810127591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14784077414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15646528632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     41591270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10732357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    810127591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14784077414                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15646528632                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       710167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       409234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1139894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       455712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           455712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        59297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           59297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       253873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           253873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       710167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       663107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1393767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       710167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       663107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1393767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.082588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981213                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.981213                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.463933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.152050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.152050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93045.346756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93324.843478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93559.024252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52148.343931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56201.703097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14223.807555                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14223.807555                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87923.143989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87923.143989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93045.346756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93324.843478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93559.024252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72935.394566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73831.544776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93045.346756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93324.843478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93559.024252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72935.394566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73831.544776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               86343                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    86343                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           94142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        58183                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        58183                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       117780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        117780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       202701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           211922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       202701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          211922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35335133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9123822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    688129873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3235076278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3967665106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3290331210                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3290331210                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8655688815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8655688815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35335133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9123822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    688129873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11890765093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12623353921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35335133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9123822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    688129873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11890765093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12623353921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4008504237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4008504237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7828112299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7828112299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11836616536                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11836616536                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.152050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.023663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79049.514541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79337.582609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.901028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38095.126977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42145.536594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56551.418971                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56551.418971                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73490.310876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73490.310876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79049.514541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79337.582609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.901028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58661.600550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59566.038075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79049.514541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79337.582609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.901028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58661.600550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59566.038075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1287194                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1622865                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18580                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15695                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10769                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15690                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1163804                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     34275                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2910059                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1713                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   514781                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   649024                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            929                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            785                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10061                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11877983                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33918223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11878495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.855431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33910544                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33910544                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33910544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33910544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33910544                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33910544                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12353308                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12353308                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12353308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12353308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12353308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12353308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159152820584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159152820584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159152820584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 159152820584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 159152820584                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 159152820584                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46263852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46263852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46263852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46263852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46263852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46263852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12883.417185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12883.417185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12883.417185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12883.417185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12883.417185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12883.417185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       111449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37149.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       474686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       474686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       474686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       474686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       474686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       474686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11878622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11878622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11878622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11878622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11878622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11878622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112225419539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 112225419539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112225419539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 112225419539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 112225419539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 112225419539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9447.680004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9447.680004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9447.680004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9447.680004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9447.680004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9447.680004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       139827                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        249252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       139843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.782370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972567602000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248922                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       248922                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       248922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       248922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       248922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140034                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       140034                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       140034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       140034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2389798279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389798279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2389798279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2389798279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2389798279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2389798279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       388956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       388956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       388956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       388956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.360025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.360025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.360025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17065.843145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17065.843145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17065.843145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17065.843145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17065.843145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17065.843145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3591                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3591                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       140034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1960103704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960103704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1960103704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960103704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1960103704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960103704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13997.341389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13997.341389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13997.341389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13997.341389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13997.341389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13997.341389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2576027                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        352736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2576043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.136929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       352404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       352404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       352404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       352404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       352404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       352404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2577398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2577398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2577398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2577398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2577398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2577398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  40869756495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40869756495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  40869756495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  40869756495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  40869756495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  40869756495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2929802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2929802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2929802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2929802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2929802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2929802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.879717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.879717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.879717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15856.983087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15856.983087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15856.983087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15856.983087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15856.983087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15856.983087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8693                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8693                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2577398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2577398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2577398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2577398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2577398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2577398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33005082987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33005082987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33005082987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33005082987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33005082987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33005082987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12805.582602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12805.582602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12805.582602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12805.582602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12805.582602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12805.582602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3154869                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.984117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                97942900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3155381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.039960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.984117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     60750207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       60750207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     37006090                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      37006090                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     97756297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        97756297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     97756297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       97756297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3777566                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3777566                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       968960                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       968960                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4746526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       4746526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4746526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      4746526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  83917809046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83917809046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31553679116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31553679116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115471488162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 115471488162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115471488162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 115471488162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64527773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64527773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37975050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37975050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102502823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102502823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102502823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    102502823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22214.783023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22214.783023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32564.480594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32564.480594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24327.579405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24327.579405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24327.579405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24327.579405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2246915                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2246915                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1423187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1423187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1431697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1431697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1431697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1431697                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2354379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2354379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       960450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       960450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3314829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3314829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3314829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3314829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41953838060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41953838060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27997762394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27997762394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69951600454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69951600454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69951600454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69951600454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4693496325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4693496325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9143393765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9143393765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13836890090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13836890090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17819.492129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17819.492129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29150.671450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29150.671450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21102.627150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21102.627150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21102.627150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21102.627150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               750277271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57676837                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57676837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7437438                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48863070                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29591712                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    393375105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             284640633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57676837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29591712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91331137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26116879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1890425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     152163022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       200186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       314305                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46263854                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5262030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          66805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    657441517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.277175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       569103080     86.56%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6314299      0.96%     87.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4490101      0.68%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6978918      1.06%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5389337      0.82%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6130435      0.93%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6161500      0.94%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4924595      0.75%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47949252      7.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    657441517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.379381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       388949751                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    164002201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84743998                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1578267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18167300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     532175566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18167300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       394073653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       49731098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    102718135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81184789                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11566542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     515870219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        47241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        852158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7311601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        15832                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    567561190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1298987135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1288401073                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10586062                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    434960037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       132601264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2935474                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2966901                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37562523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     77400764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47182674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6573771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3994582                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         493221007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4100196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        465628908                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1141203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     95825424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    135903937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1194362                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    657441517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.708244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.456082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    478799971     72.83%     72.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62240514      9.47%     82.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42156540      6.41%     88.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25903972      3.94%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20321403      3.09%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14220798      2.16%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8552041      1.30%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4308674      0.66%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       937604      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    657441517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         830095     30.71%     30.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       109021      4.03%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1045108     38.66%     73.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       718777     26.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3199592      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    342399253     73.53%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2959032      0.64%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73163022     15.71%     90.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43908009      9.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     465628908                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.620609                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2703001                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005805                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1586139930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    587862186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    449183833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7309702                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5389595                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3330362                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     461429395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3702922                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6488158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16179802                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        88968                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       111903                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9134999                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        97288                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18167300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       40493072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       434218                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    497321203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4162346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     77400764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47182957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3569356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        158730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        14137                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       111903                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3100756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5154178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8254934                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    457840693                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     71142186                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7788221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           114080396                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        46011022                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42938210                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.610229                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             453168724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            452514195                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        291466677                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        453262328                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.603129                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643042                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    105244598                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2905834                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7457951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    639641526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.612648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.571569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    506845127     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     48278768      7.55%     86.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22753799      3.56%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24179003      3.78%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     12188882      1.91%     96.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5051028      0.79%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3941813      0.62%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3334638      0.52%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13068468      2.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    639641526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    208051340                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     391875131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              99268934                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             61220973                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             430034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          41010146                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2600229                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        388075158                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13068468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1123103499                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1012431447                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5525543                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               92835754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59319889766                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          208051340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            391875131                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    208051340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.606212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.606212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.277299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.277299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       908520550                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      489968523                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5979319                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3145357                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      211732444                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2668812                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2547393                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1241288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        74384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2754826864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       456166424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3214862137                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2754826864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2754826864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2211722                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    307196548                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       312369678                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            82825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       155161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        344353358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         72296965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           416898330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           78310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45716128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45840710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             127346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        62053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          137715378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22804022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             160712805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     137715378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        137715378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            110565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15356932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15615540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            237911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        62053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         137715378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          38160954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            176328345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1622865                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1287194                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15695                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18580                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11754                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18575                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1163804                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    34275                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2910059                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1713                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  649024                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  514781                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           785                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           929                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9156                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073262849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 257314445                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   486440343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           482040031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2070279                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33340851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  482040031                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2070279                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1231727845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        541165699                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3456113                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1691060                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   118085854                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  72314805                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45771049                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59501632959.682732                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             571629889.317265                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009516                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990484                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
