
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  90859                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   162018                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49545697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535537                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        954960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       134656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              295168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       134656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14464168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    461100139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1010738518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    461100139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         461319293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        249178165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14464168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    461100139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1259916683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1155                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.684959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614306000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.684959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.542810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.542810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    213762856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    213762856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214544856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    214544856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214544856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    214544856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 185558.034722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185558.034722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1184200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9398.412698                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    199895168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199895168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200444968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200444968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173520.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173520.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           18                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1564                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1442.359761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.015985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           84.577684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.908432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.903842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.715872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.803867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.308511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.191013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    936.784161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    379.166379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.020649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.228707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.092570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.352139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4039                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7915678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2912938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229665312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104256966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344750894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32671961                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32671961                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7915678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2912938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229665312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136928927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       377422855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7915678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2912938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229665312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136928927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      377422855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.448342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074074                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.074074                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.799499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.464520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.464520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88940.202247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100446.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90633.509077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98821.768720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92699.890831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102419.940439                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102099.878125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88940.202247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100446.137931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90633.509077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99657.152111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93444.628621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88940.202247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100446.137931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90633.509077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99657.152111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93444.628621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 123                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      123                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2752656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215599018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98465386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324248135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30901864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30901864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2752656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215599018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129367250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355149999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2752656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215599018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129367250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355149999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3194921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3194921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10251972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10251972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.799499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83495.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94919.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85082.485399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93332.119431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87469.148907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96871.047022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96871.047022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83495.224719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94919.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85082.485399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94153.748180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88214.108048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83495.224719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94919.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85082.485399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94153.748180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88214.108048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1793.902425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           17.479505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.303304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.004733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1191.503317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    532.611703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             123                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  123                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    577                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6829405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2603016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201786338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93283633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304502392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29542187                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29542187                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6829405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2603016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201786338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122825820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       334044579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6829405                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2603016                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201786338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122825820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      334044579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          123                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              123                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.847002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.974843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.857072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.857072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103475.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104120.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95906.054183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98922.198303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96667.426032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95605.783172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95297.377419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103475.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104120.640000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95906.054183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98103.690096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96544.676012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103475.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104120.640000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95906.054183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98103.690096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96544.676012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5913356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2256087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172220017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80117732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260507192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25151490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25151490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5913356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2256087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172220017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105269222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    285658682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5913356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2256087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172220017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105269222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    285658682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2846855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2846855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9163355                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9163355                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.853852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89596.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90243.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81853.620247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84960.479321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83016.950924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81396.407767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81396.407767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89596.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90243.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81853.620247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84080.848243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82871.680302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89596.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90243.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81853.620247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84080.848243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82871.680302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3598                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.996295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.140912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.963402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.832024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25653                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25653                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4843                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4844                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    320957518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320957518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    320957518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    320957518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    320957518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    320957518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66272.458807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66258.777457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66272.458807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66258.777457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66272.458807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66258.777457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    251375759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251375759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    251375759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251375759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    251375759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251375759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61176.870041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.870041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.216558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.052083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750945300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.081772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          440                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          440                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4190977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4190977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4190977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4190977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4190977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4190977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.202899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.202899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38449.330275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37419.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38449.330275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37419.437500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38449.330275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37419.437500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3837607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3837607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3837607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35207.403670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35207.403670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2560                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.911988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.244141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619574300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.823808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.088180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37241205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37241205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37241205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37241205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37241205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37241205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.777845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.777845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.777845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14490.741245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14451.379511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14490.741245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14451.379511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14490.741245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14451.379511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29297447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29297447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29297447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29297447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29297447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29297447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11399.784825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11399.784825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1400                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               364.996671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.707143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.194113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   364.802558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.712505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.712884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17285                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17286                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2767                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          438                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3206                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218891891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218891891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37095400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37095400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255987291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255987291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255987291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255987291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024659                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79108.019877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79079.440390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84886.498856                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84692.694064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79896.158240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79846.316594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79896.158240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79846.316594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112159092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112159092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34581647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34581647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146740739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146740739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146740739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146740739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3334826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3334826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10659347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10659347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74972.655080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74972.655080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81177.575117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81177.575117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44005                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32150                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17780                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44005                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17780                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4229                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             76                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.864014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.335525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392124     86.55%     86.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2773      0.61%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2455      0.54%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3324      0.73%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4933      1.09%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3771      0.83%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5706      1.26%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2770      0.61%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35197      7.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53896                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       894350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       894208                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242392                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152207                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1050                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36232                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295625                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          836                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.652517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.424315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343059     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36877      8.14%     83.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23466      5.18%     89.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17964      3.97%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12858      2.84%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9671      2.13%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6434      1.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2259      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          465      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            712     47.03%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           414     27.34%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3185      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227868     77.08%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41354     13.99%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23208      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295625                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337204                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1514                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048376                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       446131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281899                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           72                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           16                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             27                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5080                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17924                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9430                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1357                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8031                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287106                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39191                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29478                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22184                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327487                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282693                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281915                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185490                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295037                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321566                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628701                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.428053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358997     82.95%     82.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27281      6.30%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13690      3.16%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11631      2.69%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6793      1.57%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3362      0.78%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1940      0.45%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2765      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6324      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       116860                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47113                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29343                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23821                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213215                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              761090                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             690042                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2746                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             116860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       116860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.502097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.502097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133296                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133296                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556760                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307933                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               25                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125894                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.010289                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5010289217478                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12609352370988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20326                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35542                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59469236                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4995892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 84250.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1712469826                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2994456888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1331200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3498688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       683840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     52042688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    262059008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           319619392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     52042688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       52042688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    143555200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        143555200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       813167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4094672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              4994053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2243050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2243050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       265693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       698301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     10387162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     52304168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               63792603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     10387162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          10387162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         28652079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              28652079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         28652079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       265693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       698301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     10387162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     52304168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              92444682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    21196                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.888242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    21209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     5.610278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         8.277965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.350642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.517373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.868015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          317                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          20884                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            21266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           21266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     13129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2981637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16110637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3720468400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      6360000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3726828400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3733597400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      9341637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3742939037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3733597400                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      9341637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3742939037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           90                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          21286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         21286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.964646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.933333                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.881657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.881657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41416.403785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45871.338462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42174.442408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178868.673077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75714.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178453.763647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176805.294313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62695.550336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176005.785620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176805.294313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62695.550336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176005.785620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     25896300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10626.302831                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          20862                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               20862                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        20800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        21117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9270300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2174600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11444900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3469872732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5327600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3475200332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3479143032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7502200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486645232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3479143032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7502200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486645232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.881657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.881657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29243.848580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33455.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29960.471204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166820.804423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63423.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166404.919173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164755.553914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50350.335570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163953.974984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164755.553914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50350.335570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163953.974984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1331200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      24265105                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3292.407470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        64954183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      24268438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.676488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          671.476313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    51.949813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    18.228022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    974.009946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1576.743377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.163935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.237795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.384947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.803810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26070991                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2007845                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8363198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16264410                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               52706444                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        16556483                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             16556483                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1240754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1240754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4098199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4098199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26070991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2007845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8363198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     20362609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56804643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26070991                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2007845                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8363198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     20362609                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56804643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       979014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333670                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6392258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12247984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             19952926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17190                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17190                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3654173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3654173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       979014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6392258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15902157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              23607099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       979014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333670                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6392258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15902157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             23607099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25616998927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8169792928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 204288910759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 458795234084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   696870936698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161799236                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    161799236                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220690358811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 220690358811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25616998927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8169792928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 204288910759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 679485592895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    917561295509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25616998927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8169792928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 204288910759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 679485592895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   917561295509                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27050005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2341515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14755456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28512394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           72659370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     16556483                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         16556483                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1257944                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1257944                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7752372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          7752372                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27050005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2341515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14755456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     36264766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80411742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27050005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2341515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14755456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     36264766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80411742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.433213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.274609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013665                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013665                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.471362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.433213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.293578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.433213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.293578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26166.121145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24484.649288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31958.802470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37458.836824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34925.751576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9412.404654                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9412.404654                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60394.064214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60394.064214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26166.121145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24484.649288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31958.802470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42729.146297                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38868.024212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26166.121145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24484.649288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31958.802470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42729.146297                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38868.024212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7755937                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7755937                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6392250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12247936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19952314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3654173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3654173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6392250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15902109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         23606487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6392250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15902109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        23606487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20307652021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6314754488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 168039873128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390315520846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 584977800483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    726866166                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    726866166                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 200287910974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 200287910974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20307652021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6314754488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 168039873128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 590603431820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 785265711457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20307652021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6314754488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 168039873128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 590603431820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 785265711457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102854697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102854697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    310301298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    310301298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413155995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413155995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.433213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013665                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013665                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.471362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.433213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.293570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.142381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.433213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20748.749691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18941.213929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26288.063378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31867.860907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29318.794827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42284.244677                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42284.244677                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54810.735828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54810.735828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20748.749691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18941.213929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26288.063378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37139.943628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33264.827226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20748.749691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18941.213929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26288.063378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37139.943628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33264.827226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       4946597                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32535.552593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        22736209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       4979209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.566229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7996724905781                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11239.711588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.038361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.133123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   370.283979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.261750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5586.039604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15210.081531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.343009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.464175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.992906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       924074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       322702                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5579082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9924295                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               16750153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7755937                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7755937                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11520                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11520                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1882809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1882809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       924074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       322702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5579082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     11807104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                18632962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       924074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       322702                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5579082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11807104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               18632962                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       813168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2323641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3202161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5781                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5781                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1771253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1771253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       813168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4094894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               4973414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       813168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4094894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              4973414                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5096129051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1012292643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75968921898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 217366465468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   299443809060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58386058                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     58386058                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164437589960                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 164437589960                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5096129051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1012292643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75968921898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 381804055428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    463881399020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5096129051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1012292643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75968921898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 381804055428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   463881399020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6392250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12247936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           19952314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7755937                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7755937                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17301                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17301                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3654062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3654062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6392250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15901998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            23606376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       978741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       333387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6392250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15901998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           23606376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.160491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.334143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484735                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.484735                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.210681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.210681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93221.304462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94739.601591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93423.403157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93545.631820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93513.039807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10099.646774                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10099.646774                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92836.873084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92836.873084                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93221.304462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94739.601591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93423.403157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93239.057086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93272.226889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93221.304462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94739.601591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93423.403157                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93239.057086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93272.226889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2222188                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2222188                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       813168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2323641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3202161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5781                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5781                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1771253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1771253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       813168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4094894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          4973414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        54667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       813168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4094894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         4973414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4329161608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    862904901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64501660311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 184632311586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254326038406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    452030594                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452030594                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 139036180321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 139036180321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4329161608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    862904901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64501660311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 323668491907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 393362218727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4329161608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    862904901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64501660311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 323668491907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 393362218727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91837546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91837546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    271871632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    271871632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    363709178                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    363709178                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.210681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79191.497759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80758.530744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79321.444414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79458.191513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79423.251487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78192.457014                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78192.457014                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78495.946271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78495.946271                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79191.497759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80758.530744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79321.444414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79041.970783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79092.997029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79191.497759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80758.530744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79321.444414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79041.970783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79092.997029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         1144                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1876                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        40                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        3020                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     1827                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2995                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  20                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              14755552                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               412299656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              14756064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 27.941032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    412294216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      412294216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    412294216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       412294216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    412294216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      412294216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15962498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     15962498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15962498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      15962498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15962498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     15962498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 406708512059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 406708512059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 406708512059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 406708512059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 406708512059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 406708512059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    428256714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    428256714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    428256714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    428256714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    428256714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    428256714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25479.001599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25479.001599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25479.001599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25479.001599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25479.001599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25479.001599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7586430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39719.528796                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1206875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1206875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1206875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1206875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1206875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1206875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14755623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14755623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14755623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14755623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14755623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14755623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 317073315413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 317073315413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 317073315413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 317073315413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 317073315413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 317073315413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21488.304182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21488.304182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21488.304182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21488.304182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21488.304182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21488.304182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2342194                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8002092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2342210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.416471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8001867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8001867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8001867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8001867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8001867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8001867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2342412                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2342412                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2342412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2342412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2342412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2342412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39350966720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39350966720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39350966720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39350966720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  39350966720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39350966720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10344279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10344279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10344279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     10344279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10344279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     10344279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16799.336206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16799.336206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16799.336206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16799.336206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16799.336206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16799.336206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1832                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1832                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2342412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2342412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2342412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2342412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2342412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2342412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31921817024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31921817024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31921817024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31921817024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  31921817024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31921817024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13627.755076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13627.755076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13627.755076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13627.755076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13627.755076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13627.755076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     27068197                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.829896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      50772610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     27068213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.875728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.829896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.989368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.989368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50772085                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     50772085                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50772085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     50772085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50772085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     50772085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27074986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     27074986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27074986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     27074986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27074986                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     27074986                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 344995022551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 344995022551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 344995022551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 344995022551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 344995022551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 344995022551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77847071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77847071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77847071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     77847071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77847071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     77847071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.347797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.347797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.347797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.347797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.347797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.347797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12742.205021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12742.205021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12742.205021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12742.205021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12742.205021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12742.205021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       321118                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       321118                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27074986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     27074986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27074986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     27074986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27074986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     27074986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 260212924889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 260212924889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 260212924889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 260212924889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 260212924889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 260212924889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.347797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.347797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.347797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9610.823987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9610.823987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9610.823987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9610.823987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9610.823987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9610.823987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              36264363                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.610275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               835911148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              36264875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.050159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.610275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    612928128                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      612928128                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    221523094                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     221523094                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    834451222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       834451222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    834451222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      834451222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     44770065                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     44770065                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9034698                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      9034698                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     53804763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      53804763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     53804763                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     53804763                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1357806379234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1357806379234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 328747816562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 328747816562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1686554195796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1686554195796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1686554195796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1686554195796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    657698193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    657698193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    230557792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    230557792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    888255985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    888255985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    888255985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    888255985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30328.443330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30328.443330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36387.250195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36387.250195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31345.815905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31345.815905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31345.815905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31345.815905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16233533                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         16233533                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16247924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16247924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        43253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        43253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16291177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     16291177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16291177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     16291177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     28522141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     28522141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8991445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8991445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     37513586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     37513586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     37513586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     37513586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 669123895998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 669123895998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 294486710575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 294486710575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 963610606573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 963610606573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 963610606573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 963610606573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    107248992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    107248992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    324666214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    324666214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    431915206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    431915206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23459.806050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23459.806050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32751.878099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32751.878099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25686.976622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25686.976622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25686.976622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25686.976622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              5216118562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       504637402                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    504637402                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     53278625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    367412035                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       294290497                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1693977214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            2784431957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          504637402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    294290497                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            826841771                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      286695296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          76656435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1620154160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        71800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1638106                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1958                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        428256887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     26371633                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1111502                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   4451206125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.101237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.546922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      3638424362     81.74%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        50591824      1.14%     82.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        50538985      1.14%     84.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        72632523      1.63%     85.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        55583338      1.25%     86.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        66352873      1.49%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        50859880      1.14%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        56771070      1.28%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       409451270      9.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   4451206125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.533813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1757970664                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1667029412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        761472423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     32868945                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     231864681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    4788920670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1909                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     231864681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1828196542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1324963589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     59391964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        718327508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    288461841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    4656041664                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2696144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50956572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    219569385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1640634                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   5212307517                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  11733821844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  11695429514                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38392330                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3374341580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1837966048                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3349692                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3351219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        631849197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    899640556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    363929509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     61621580                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     39873186                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        4456231003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5701986                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       3892070599                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8592905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1428834853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2143158789                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2250000                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   4451206125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.874386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.502162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2870151356     64.48%     64.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    571146283     12.83%     77.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    397493757      8.93%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    244303702      5.49%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    168312406      3.78%     95.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    110079301      2.47%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     63017408      1.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     22340177      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4361735      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   4451206125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        5532852     30.09%     30.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        16641      0.09%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       7787978     42.35%     72.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5051011     27.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     25926856      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   2800396492     71.95%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6052834      0.16%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    761162586     19.56%     92.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    298531831      7.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    3892070599                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.746162                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           18388482                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  12259809390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   5871329874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3768379903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     23265408                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     20158334                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10796501                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    3872932112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       11600113                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83653657                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    306895768                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       670514                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       754331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    133373344                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       254481                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     231864681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      945783511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     20582782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   4461932989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     25121540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    899640556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    363929509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5331516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8137630                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2546580                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       754331                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     36562950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     20780719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     57343669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   3831703685                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    741698518                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     60366914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1034697044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       367904171                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         292998526                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.734589                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            3790546348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           3779176404                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       2646411241                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4107701068                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.724519                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644256                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1489299586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3451986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     53453618                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4220065257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.704929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.758454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3298615894     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    316909261      7.51%     85.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    141324382      3.35%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    174990567      4.15%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     65337406      1.55%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     38855854      0.92%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28860389      0.68%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19845633      0.47%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    135325871      3.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4220065257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1702032515                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    2974847353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             823300967                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            592744799                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             163903                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         312195071                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           8559093                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       2956452559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    135325871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          8548043719                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         9161085842                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               15766220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              764912437                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          9828615757                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1702032515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           2974847353                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1702032515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.064641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.064641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.326302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.326302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      7438436237                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4200430257                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         10343294                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         7918917                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1840629835                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3202225                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2708                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       204104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        94640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        98800776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        16866297                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          115970965                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     98800776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      98800776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     11959073                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        13210329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        25513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        11830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         12350097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2583916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            14971750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1608520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1628123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        40737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19719575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3366332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23146561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19719575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19719575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2386903                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2636640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        40737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19719575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5753235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25783201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1876                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        1144                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       40                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       3020                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2995                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    1827                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 21                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15045913974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   9365756                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    17710662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            17639699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                10622                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1344356                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   17639699                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       10622                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          45322570                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         20332621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              16219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6958                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     4201737                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2589233                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1612504                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15025214892.841108                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             20699081.158890                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
