
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  98156                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51778116                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              243648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        43776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            43776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    242559620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              840240649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        150965223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             150965223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        150965223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    242559620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             991205872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      699                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.221898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064985000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.221898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.513869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.513869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123726912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    123726912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124191912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    124191912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124191912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    124191912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        38750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        38750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175748.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175748.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173452.391061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173452.391061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173452.391061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173452.391061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       705400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11196.825397                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            688                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 688                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       329500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    115247492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115247492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    115576992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115576992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    115576992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115576992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27458.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27458.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163703.823864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163703.823864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161420.379888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161420.379888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161420.379888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161420.379888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           11                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        45056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           11                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1314                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1358.674160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.377473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           78.251160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.901776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.380670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.130237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.255903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.709208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    902.326073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    350.719147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.220294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.331708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1649                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4593                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             617                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  617                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1649                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1227                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3663                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3545481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212282768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89283401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305908726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29074894                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29074894                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3545481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212282768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118358295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334983620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3545481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       797076                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212282768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118358295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334983620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          617                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              617                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.589495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.654330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.423425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.765172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.589495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.438945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.589495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.438945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73864.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 72461.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89646.439189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95286.447172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90693.366736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100258.255172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100258.255172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73864.187500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 72461.454545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89646.439189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96461.528117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91450.619711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73864.187500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 72461.454545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89646.439189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96461.528117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91450.619711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  93                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       93                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          290                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           290                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3282895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       736177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199142743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84141624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287303439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27464555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27464555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3282895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       736177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199142743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111606179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314767994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3282895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       736177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199142743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111606179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314767994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.589495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.654330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.589495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.589495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.677526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 68393.645833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66925.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84097.442145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89798.958378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85405.302913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94705.362069                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94705.362069                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 68393.645833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66925.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84097.442145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90958.581092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86143.402846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 68393.645833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66925.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84097.442145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90958.581092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86143.402846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1660.267665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.177313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.970480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.199046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1128.948394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    479.972509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              93                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   93                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    558                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2896404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186034523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79272493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268855897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26182260                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26182260                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2896404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186034523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105454753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295038157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2896404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186034523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105454753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295038157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.875133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.837237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.847583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.847583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96546.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95012.524515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96673.771951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95203.929533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93843.225806                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93843.225806                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96546.800000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95012.524515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95955.189263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95081.584596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96546.800000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95012.524515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95955.189263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95081.584596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2480007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158506626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67819844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229361247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22201558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22201558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2480007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158506626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90021402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251562805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2480007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158506626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90021402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251562805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.875133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.834569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.845124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.826858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82666.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79252.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80953.332993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82707.126829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81478.240497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79575.476703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79575.476703                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82666.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79252.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80953.332993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81912.103731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81306.659664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82666.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79252.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80953.332993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81912.103731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81306.659664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3507                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               416.392330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   26550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.570573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971188329777                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   416.092723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.812681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.813266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4697                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297616710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297616710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297616710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    297616710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    297616710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    297616710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63390.140575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63363.148818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63390.140575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63363.148818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63390.140575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63363.148818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233737565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233737565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233737565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233737565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233737565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233737565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58187.096092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58187.096092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58187.096092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58187.096092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58187.096092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58187.096092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           75                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.579659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           75                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.440000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.334231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.245429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.577839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.598729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1856466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1856466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1856466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1856466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1856466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1856466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.295533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.295533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.295533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22367.060241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21586.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22367.060241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21586.813953                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22367.060241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21586.813953                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1594793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1594793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1594793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1594793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1594793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1594793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.288194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19214.373494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19214.373494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19214.373494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19214.373494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19214.373494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19214.373494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2413                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.655365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.101533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.744614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.910751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.806922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.853460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31164898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31164898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31164898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31164898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31164898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31164898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12846.206925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12830.340881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12846.206925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12830.340881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12846.206925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12830.340881                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23681401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23681401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23681401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23681401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23681401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23681401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9761.500824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9761.500824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9761.500824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9761.500824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9761.500824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9761.500824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1320                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               346.610000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 28.717424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.551963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   346.058036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.675895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.676973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20683                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20683                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55106                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55106                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    213537726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213537726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33070596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33070596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246608322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    246608322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246608322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    246608322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75965.039488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75938.024893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82265.164179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82265.164179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76753.290383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76729.409459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76753.290383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76729.409459                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          617                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              617                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97517938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97517938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30512457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30512457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128030395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128030395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128030395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128030395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3322149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3322149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10648894                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10648894                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68004.140865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68004.140865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78438.192802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78438.192802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70230.606144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70230.606144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70230.606144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70230.606144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  836664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49258                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35536                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21548                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       203221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          362                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             25                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       463874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.942586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.418450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          395357     85.23%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3058      0.66%     85.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2859      0.62%     86.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3893      0.84%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6205      1.34%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4118      0.89%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6193      1.34%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3310      0.71%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38881      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       463874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.273685                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198638                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1710                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        420672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104353                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        399689                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          147                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       438412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       999434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       999344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1365                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1145                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            370107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           336362                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110360                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       155019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          987                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       463874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.725115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.496482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       340870     73.48%     73.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40101      8.64%     82.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26122      5.63%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19893      4.29%     92.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14878      3.21%     95.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10865      2.34%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8016      1.73%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2627      0.57%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          502      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       463874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            925     51.45%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           449     24.97%     76.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          424     23.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4137      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       260163     77.35%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45152     13.42%     92.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26900      8.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        336362                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.402028                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1798                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005345                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1140906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       482710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       321056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        334009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16499                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9573                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91983                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       372246                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8461                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       326515                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42876                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33999                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25784                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.390258                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                321782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               321065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           209278                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340771                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.383744                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614131                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118988                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       443683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.570808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.536720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358767     80.86%     80.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30331      6.84%     87.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16294      3.67%     91.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13193      2.97%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8076      1.82%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3451      0.78%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2273      0.51%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2821      0.64%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8477      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       443683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              807250                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             765061                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 372790                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2536                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.248891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.248891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.160028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.160028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          647065                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349991                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140697                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003928224490                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975431002899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    60204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2671626504                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4557596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7487.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236399594                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450781150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       473152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1594368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4345920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       473152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         473152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2489024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2489024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 217253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45086                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.948090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.400390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.881709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.930107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1420                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1420                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31599                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35407                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52047                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         67006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        67006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83906                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1283598438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1294678438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2926868920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2344796000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5271664920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937948920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3628394438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6566343358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937948920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3628394438                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6566343358                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.961441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.973442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.925686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.925686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42615.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40621.489224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40637.761323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175893.564904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66224.079984                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101286.624013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173843.131361                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54150.291586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78258.329059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173843.131361                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54150.291586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78258.329059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21474900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1880                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11422.819149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35275                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35275                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        67006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        67006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7885800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    889797300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    897683100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2726316600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1907175700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4633492300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734202400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2796973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5531175400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734202400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2796973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5531175400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.961441                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28159.033514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28176.750683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163841.141827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53864.368628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89025.156109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161787.124260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41742.127571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65921.095035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161787.124260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41742.127571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65921.095035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1135769                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3048.064387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         8576241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1138918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.530165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          537.743032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.859525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.876624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1982.093225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    496.491945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.131285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.483909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.121214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.744156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313979                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5731439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       764435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                7889173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          809441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               809441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               51112                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       192026                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               192026                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5731439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       956461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8081199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313979                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5731439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       956461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8081199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1224                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       269819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1013282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22512                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             22512                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86063                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              86063                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       355882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1099345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1224                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       355882                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1099345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239320976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     32837625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16259471030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7842951544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    24374581175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    582091914                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    582091914                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3700016637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3700016637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239320976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     32837625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16259471030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11542968181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     28074597812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239320976                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     32837625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16259471030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11542968181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    28074597812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6463398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1034254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8902455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       809442                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           809442                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73624                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73624                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       278089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           278089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6463398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1312343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             9180544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6463398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1312343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            9180544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.113821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305770                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.305770                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.309480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.119747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.119747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23280.250584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26828.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22213.636324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29067.454642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24055.081581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25856.961354                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25856.961354                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42991.955161                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42991.955161                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23280.250584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26828.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22213.636324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32434.818791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25537.568108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23280.250584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26828.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22213.636324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32434.818791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25537.568108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              179455                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   179455                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       269804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1013231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22512                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22512                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        86063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         86063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       355867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1099294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       731955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       355867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1099294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183820432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25948506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12079375806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6338874723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18628019467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1352776074                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352776074                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3217122832                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3217122832                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183820432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25948506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12079375806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9555997555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21845142299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183820432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25948506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12079375806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9555997555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21845142299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3933935611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3933935611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6383814537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6383814537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10317750148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10317750148                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.305770                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305770                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17912.729682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21445.046281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16502.894039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23494.368960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18384.770568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60091.332356                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60091.332356                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37381.021252                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37381.021252                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17912.729682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21445.046281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16502.894039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26852.721817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19871.974466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17912.729682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21445.046281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16502.894039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26852.721817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19871.974466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8735                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30369.949462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1112670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         28.006494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11090.864940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.356016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.089909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   167.867638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    54.000260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8526.189016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10523.581684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.338466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.260199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.321154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.926817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       225303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 961045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          179456                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               179456                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                60085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       285388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1021130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10048                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       724561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       285388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1021130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                52186                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28864                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             28864                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 70469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62784                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                70469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20050640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7198302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    691833722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2349370686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3068453350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    453635507                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    453635507                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1472926669                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1472926669                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20050640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7198302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    691833722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3822297355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4541380019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20050640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7198302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    691833722                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3822297355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4541380019                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       269804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1013231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       179456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           179456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        78368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            78368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       348172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1091599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       731955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       348172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1091599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.051505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955508                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.955508                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.233297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93694.579439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93484.441558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93566.908575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52793.660502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58798.400912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15716.307754                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15716.307754                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80562.635727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80562.635727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93694.579439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93484.441558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93566.908575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60880.118422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64445.075409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93694.579439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93484.441558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93566.908575                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60880.118422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64445.075409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3616                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        28864                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            70469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           70469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17054232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6123405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    587643716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1723850041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2334671394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1558751810                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1558751810                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1211589463                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211589463                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17054232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6123405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    587643716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2935439504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3546260857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17054232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6123405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    587643716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2935439504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3546260857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3506292017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3506292017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5679884399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5679884399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9186176416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9186176416                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955508                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955508                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.064556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.063636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.180325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79692.672897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79524.740260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79475.752773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38737.332667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44737.504197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54003.319360                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54003.319360                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66268.635508                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66268.635508                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79692.672897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79524.740260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79475.752773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46754.579256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50323.700592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79692.672897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79524.740260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79475.752773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46754.579256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50323.700592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591254                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746610                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8537                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7193                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7188                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15730                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1337864                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236455                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298585                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8862                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6463406                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16816149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6463918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.601541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16811560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16811560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16811560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16811560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16811560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16811560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6756610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6756610                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6756610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6756610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6756610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6756610                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91435346485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91435346485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91435346485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  91435346485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91435346485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  91435346485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23568170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23568170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23568170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23568170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23568170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23568170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.286684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.286684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.286684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13532.725211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13532.725211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13532.725211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13532.725211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13532.725211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13532.725211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       114540                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        38180                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       293121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       293121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       293121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       293121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       293121                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       293121                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6463489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6463489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6463489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6463489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6463489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6463489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64968927308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64968927308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64968927308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64968927308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64968927308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64968927308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.274247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10051.680649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10051.680649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10051.680649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10051.680649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10051.680649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10051.680649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        80639                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         92389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        80655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.145484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972605343300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        91949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        91949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        91949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        91949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        91949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        91949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        80845                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        80845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        80845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1412691319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1412691319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1412691319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1412691319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1412691319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1412691319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       172794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       172794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.467869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.467869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.467869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17474.071606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17474.071606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17474.071606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17474.071606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17474.071606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17474.071606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           67                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1165882454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165882454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1165882454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165882454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1165882454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165882454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14421.206679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14421.206679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14421.206679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14421.206679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14421.206679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14421.206679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1324562                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         87201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1324578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.065833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        86940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        86940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        86940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        86940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        86940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        86940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1324813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1324813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1324813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20885161605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20885161605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20885161605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20885161605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20885161605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20885161605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1411753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1411753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1411753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1411753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1411753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.938417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.938417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.938417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15764.611009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15764.611009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15764.611009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15764.611009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15764.611009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15764.611009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          903                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          903                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1324813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1324813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1324813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1324813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16844432506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16844432506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16844432506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16844432506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16844432506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16844432506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12714.573684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12714.573684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12714.573684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12714.573684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12714.573684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12714.573684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1296467                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               503.284711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49870034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1296971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 38.451156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.284711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.982978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.982978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31254791                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31254791                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18522679                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18522679                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49777470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49777470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49777470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49777470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1601461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1601461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       353375                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       353375                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1954836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1954836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1954836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1954836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37382538730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37382538730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9720035451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9720035451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47102574181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47102574181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47102574181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47102574181                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32856252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32856252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18876054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18876054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51732306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51732306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51732306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51732306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23342.771838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23342.771838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27506.290629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27506.290629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24095.409631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24095.409631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24095.409631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24095.409631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       808472                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           808472                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       565906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       565906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       569879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       569879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       569879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       569879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1035555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1035555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       349402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       349402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1384957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1384957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1384957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1384957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19216178933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216178933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8419866565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8419866565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27636045498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27636045498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27636045498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27636045498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4105423603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4105423603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6645963706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6645963706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10751387309                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10751387309                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018510                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018510                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18556.405920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18556.405920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24097.934657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24097.934657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19954.442988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19954.442988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19954.442988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19954.442988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               392604693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29589280                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29589280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      4008667                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25420478                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15149727                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205418810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             143864398                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29589280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15149727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46978151                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13865301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            643431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      69858060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       178636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       142420                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23568172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2861768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          35106                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    332817414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.834653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.283978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       287279397     86.32%     86.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3681118      1.11%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2248345      0.68%     88.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3499947      1.05%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2805648      0.84%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3197593      0.96%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3214499      0.97%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2515047      0.76%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24375820      7.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    332817414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075367                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       201775858                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     76985448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43692965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       765274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9597869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     271870551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          141                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9597869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       204297086                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        9973038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     62408105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41939643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4601673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     263498321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        21196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        284237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2497057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10275                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    289694887                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    660378414                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    655315534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5062880                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220784727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68910152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1597104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1614650                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         16983328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     39308845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23732728                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3236486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1945755                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         251674063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2138382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        237597535                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       505542                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     49766458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69569214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       585663                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    332817414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.713898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.463874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    242167218     72.76%     72.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31314256      9.41%     82.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21262566      6.39%     88.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13231944      3.98%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10399846      3.12%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7286409      2.19%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4520072      1.36%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2170370      0.65%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464733      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    332817414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         444413     32.43%     32.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        49947      3.65%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        508529     37.11%     73.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       367362     26.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1875602      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    175139392     73.71%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1357660      0.57%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37150626     15.64%     90.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22074255      9.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     237597535                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.605183                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1370251                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005767                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    806933477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    301046683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    229139220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3401779                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2584514                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1539381                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     235375328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1716856                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3173720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8439713                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        45464                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        53897                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4807469                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        63066                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9597869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7370057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    253812445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2184654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39308845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23732983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1891121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         61412                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7923                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        53897                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1601474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2864215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4465689                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    233467248                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36118557                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4130287                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57683815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23485010                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21565258                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.594662                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             231052917                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            230678601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        148866348                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        231116081                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.587559                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644119                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     54935841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1552719                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4020129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    323399305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.614323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.563525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    255673692     79.06%     79.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24413448      7.55%     86.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11865672      3.67%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12402987      3.84%     94.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6338313      1.96%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2589933      0.80%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2100239      0.65%     97.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1706709      0.53%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6308312      1.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    323399305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104268433                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198671563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49794651                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30869130                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20777460                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196737186                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6308312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           570330875                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          516834856                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3080030                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               59787279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59677560996                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104268433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198671563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104268433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.765326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.765326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.265581                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.265581                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       460975380                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      249834257                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2715774                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1454497                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107778934                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1501289                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171538                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1401360784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       235243817                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1638217507                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1401360784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1401360784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016182                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157791167                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161768757                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        175170098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37114581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212377829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23350719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23432878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70054280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11759881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81894790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70054280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70054280                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7888009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8086850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70054280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19647890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89981640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746610                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591254                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7193                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8537                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5414                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8532                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15730                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1337864                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298585                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236455                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7961                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072786525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 131052043                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   250189170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           248006399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               963202                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17062784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  248006399                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      963202                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         634036369                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        279199967                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1607372                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            786275                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60525397                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37134015                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23391382                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779394261.287704                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             293392263.712295                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004884                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995116                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
