
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000420                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   420377202                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10960530991506                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1169709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2095754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              828585444                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4611296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      593407                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1063235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total                 256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total             64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                    4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 608977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            152244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                608977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                         3.997465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.998988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.000976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         405273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          405273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         405273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                         3.997599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.999021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         369673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total          369673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total         369673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                 0.998975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.998975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       2.998437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse              0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                        0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                       1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups               0                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted            0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups            0                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles                 1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines                1                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev          nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0               1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate                0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                      0                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles                0                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts                0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads            0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores            0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total             0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                         0                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  0                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate               nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            1                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles             0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles            0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts            0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts            0                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            0                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs                   0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches               0                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores                 0                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate                   0                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                     0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count                    0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers                0                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers                0                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate                     0                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout                 nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate          nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                     0                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches                 0                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts                0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events            0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads                   1                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes                  0                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                    0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total            0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                           inf                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                     inf                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.000000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.000000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes             43                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        14640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         8664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         6338568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         1003919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            7365791                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      6338568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       6338568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       855296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          855296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           792321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           150065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              945299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          113947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             113947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     34825866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20610062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15078286762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2388138546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17521861235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15078286762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15078286762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2034591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2034591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     34825866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20610062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15078286762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4422730327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19556453016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1262403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    593407                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     1063235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             1060349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  784                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    1060349                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         784                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2797041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1223723                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               1293                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      264152                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    150208                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   113944                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1262403                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.354160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1354160260890                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12315110662899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57234                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106477                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               81490810                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4823752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16617.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   951078735                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1769367405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     67542528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           643648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      3956480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    127898304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           200392512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3956480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        3956480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     78026944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         78026944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide      1055352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             10057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1998411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3131133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1219171                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1219171                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     49877795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              475312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       237207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2921722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     94448425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              147982863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2921722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           2921722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         57620170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              57620170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         57620170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     49877795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             475312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       237207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2921722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     94448425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             205603032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                  1104357                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.139763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       9502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                  1104372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.008604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             10970393850000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     2.575178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        12.564586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.160949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.785287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.946235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        37204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total         1107142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        21071                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          21199                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         58275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total          1128341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total         1128341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199587118544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2596666710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 202183785254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20328984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1319197000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1339525984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199607447528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3915863710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total 203523311238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199607447528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3915863710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total 203523311238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        40430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total       1110368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        21345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        61775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total        1131841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        61775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total       1131841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.920208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.987240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.996908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186540.826239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69795.363671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182617.753869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158820.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62607.232689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63188.168499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186537.510329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67196.288460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180373.939472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186537.510329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67196.288460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180373.939472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   7040312448                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs              752127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9360.536782                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           9800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                9800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        37204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1107142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        21071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1128341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1128341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186741612992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2139808100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188881421092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18787300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1059048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1077835300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186760400292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3198856100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189959256392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186760400292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3198856100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 189959256392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.920208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174534.985197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57515.538652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170602.705969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146775.781250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50260.927341                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50843.686023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174531.664675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54892.425568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168352.702235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174531.664675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54892.425568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168352.702235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages        16682                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes     68329472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs        16682                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      22066538                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4015.032323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        37504247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      22070584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.699287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  11221212539600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          676.932209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    92.759773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    81.625265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2400.366228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    763.348849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.165267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.586027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.186364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11082358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10018179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10290654                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2704874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               34096065                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5774915                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              5774915                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       648664                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              648664                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       983747                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               983747                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11082358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10018179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10290654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3688621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                35079812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11082358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10018179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10290654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3688621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               35079812                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321857                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14188187                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4899060                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             19708607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11751                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             11751                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2227319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2227319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14188187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7126379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              21935926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321857                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14188187                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7126379                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             21935926                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7700906173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6363097128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316070339002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185817502065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   515951844368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    460954828                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    460954828                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 146960512027                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 146960512027                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7700906173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6363097128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316070339002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332778014092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    662912356395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7700906173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6363097128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316070339002                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332778014092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   662912356395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11404215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24478841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7603934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           53804672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5774915                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          5774915                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       660415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          660415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3211066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3211066                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11404215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24478841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10815000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            57015738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11404215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24478841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10815000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           57015738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.579610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.644280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.366299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.017793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.693638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.579610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.384735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.579610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.384735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23926.483417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21245.520506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22277.006851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37929.215414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26179.011250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39226.859672                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39226.859672                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65980.899919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65980.899919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23926.483417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21245.520506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22277.006851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46696.648339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30220.395364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23926.483417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21245.520506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22277.006851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46696.648339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30220.395364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3540072                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3540072                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14187905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4899035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19708141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11751                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        11751                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2227319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2227319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14187905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7126354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         21935460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14187905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7126354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        21935460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5970868439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4772646544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235261485752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 158725235134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 404730235869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    491099857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491099857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134638098727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134638098727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5970868439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4772646544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235261485752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293363333861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 539368334596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5970868439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4772646544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235261485752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293363333861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 539368334596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5244329003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5244329003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7306249242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7306249242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12550578245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12550578245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.579599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.644276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.693638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.579599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.384726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.579599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18558.919695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15936.657842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16581.834017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32399.285805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20536.195467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41792.175730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41792.175730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60448.502764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60448.502764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18558.919695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15936.657842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16581.834017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41165.978263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24588.877306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18558.919695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15936.657842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16581.834017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41165.978263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24588.877306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       2041548                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31677.279141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        21145568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       2074173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         10.194698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  11221296942700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10016.664235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   301.380479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   131.852910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  11132.884271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10094.497247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.305684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.339749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.308060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.966714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       316706                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299002                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14126085                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4046021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18787814                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3540072                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3540072                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1374                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1030738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1030738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       316706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14126085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5076759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                19818552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       316706                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299002                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14126085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5076759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               19818552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       853014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               920327                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1193664                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1193664                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2046678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               2113991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2046678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              2113991                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    471213239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     44146573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5808651481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81107296195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    87431307488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    349939187                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    349939187                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112627266919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 112627266919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    471213239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     44146573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5808651481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193734563114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    200058574407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    471213239                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     44146573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5808651481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193734563114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   200058574407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14187905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4899035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           19708141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3540072                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3540072                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2224402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2224402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14187905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7123437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            21932543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14187905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7123437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           21932543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.174119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.046698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906327                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.906327                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536622                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.536622                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93885.881450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93136.229958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93960.716289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95083.194643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95000.263480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26323.092147                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.092147                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94354.246186                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94354.246186                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93885.881450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93136.229958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93960.716289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94658.057161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94635.490126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93885.881450                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93136.229958                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93960.716289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94658.057161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94635.490126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1209371                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1209371                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       853014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          920327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13294                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13294                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1193664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1193664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2046678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          2113991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        61820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2046678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         2113991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    400493718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     37515045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4937289001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69169723639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  74545021403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    508338204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508338204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95743721195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95743721195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    400493718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     37515045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4937289001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164913444834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 170288742598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    400493718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     37515045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4937289001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164913444834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 170288742598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4673703223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4673703223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6512603846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6512603846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11186307069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11186307069                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.174119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906327                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906327                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79795.520622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79145.664557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79865.561323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81088.614770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80998.407526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38238.167895                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38238.167895                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80209.942827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80209.942827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79795.520622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79145.664557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79865.561323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80576.155523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80553.201314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79795.520622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79145.664557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79865.561323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80576.155523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80553.201314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1503266                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       356127                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4633                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       4637                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4623                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  4637                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                10984774                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      9270                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1859393                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          6846                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  8880875                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2103899                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           3421                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           3424                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               12843                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              24478348                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               510.987160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138950490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              24478860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.676346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          10965342611300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   510.987160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.998022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138950490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138950490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138950490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138950490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138950490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138950490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26808315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     26808315                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26808315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      26808315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26808315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     26808315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 612134793732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 612134793732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 612134793732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 612134793732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 612134793732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 612134793732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    165758805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    165758805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    165758805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    165758805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    165758805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    165758805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22833.766081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22833.766081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22833.766081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22833.766081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22833.766081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22833.766081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2329244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2329244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2329244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2329244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2329244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2329244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24479071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24479071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24479071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24479071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24479071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24479071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 479879114331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 479879114331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 479879114331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 479879114331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 479879114331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 479879114331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19603.648943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19603.648943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19603.648943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19603.648943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19603.648943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19603.648943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements     10319622                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.963980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       1955893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     10319638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.189531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10965029277300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.963980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.997749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.997749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1955893                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1955893                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1955893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1955893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1955893                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1955893                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10319798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     10319798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10319798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     10319798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10319798                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     10319798                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 145123668700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 145123668700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 145123668700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 145123668700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 145123668700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 145123668700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12275691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12275691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12275691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12275691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12275691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12275691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.840669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.840669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.840669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14062.646255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14062.646255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14062.646255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14062.646255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14062.646255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14062.646255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       215169                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       215169                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10319798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10319798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10319798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10319798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10319798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10319798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 113555045148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113555045148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 113555045148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 113555045148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 113555045148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113555045148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.840669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11003.611228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11003.611228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11003.611228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11003.611228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11003.611228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11003.611228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     11409500                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.974001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       8053257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     11409516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.705837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10964997821000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.974001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.998375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8053257                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8053257                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8053257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8053257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8053257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8053257                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11411417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     11411417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11411417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     11411417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11411417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     11411417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 172880257150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 172880257150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 172880257150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 172880257150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 172880257150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 172880257150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19464674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19464674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19464674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     19464674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19464674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     19464674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.586263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.586263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.586263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15149.762483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15149.762483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15149.762483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15149.762483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15149.762483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15149.762483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        67775                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        67775                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11411417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11411417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11411417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11411417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11411417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11411417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 137791899195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 137791899195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 137791899195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 137791899195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 137791899195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 137791899195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.586263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12074.915779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12074.915779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12074.915779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12074.915779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12074.915779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12074.915779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10803321                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.687485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               355143105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10803833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.871954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          10965059468300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.687485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    231360831                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      231360831                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    123079052                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     123079052                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    354439883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       354439883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    354439883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      354439883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18060693                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18060693                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3886310                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3886310                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21947003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      21947003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21947003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     21947003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 981801261019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 981801261019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187013804183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 187013804183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1168815065202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1168815065202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1168815065202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1168815065202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    249421524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249421524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    126965362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126965362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    376386886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    376386886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    376386886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    376386886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54361.217536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54361.217536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48121.175146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48121.175146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53256.249393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53256.249393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53256.249393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53256.249393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5491971                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          5491971                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10448248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10448248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10485361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10485361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10485361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10485361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7612445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7612445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3849197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3849197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11461642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11461642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11461642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11461642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249954273528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 249954273528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 172344406894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 172344406894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 422298680422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 422298680422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 422298680422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 422298680422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5472042285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5472042285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7593063464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7593063464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13065105749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13065105749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030317                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030317                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32834.952966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32834.952966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44774.119614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44774.119614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36844.518475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36844.518475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36844.518475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36844.518475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3027079280                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       214435762                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    214435762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     25386737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    180126703                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       109368314                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1035966811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1147199365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          214435762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    109368314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            355014076                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       97233700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         176465427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     656209898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        91209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       454040                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        165758805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     17377841                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1257219                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2295327622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.933168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.405294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1948266985     84.88%     84.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        27935319      1.22%     86.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14462673      0.63%     86.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26447551      1.15%     87.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        20958066      0.91%     88.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27147812      1.18%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17121135      0.75%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        20478810      0.89%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       192509271      8.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2295327622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.378979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1206982409                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    676766839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        330757775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      9694437                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      71126161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2100893460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          412                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      71126161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1230705277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      500750221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     92812139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        315730615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     84203208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2054318211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       608182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      31829175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     43192611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       621032                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2338563361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   5071120967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   5062958649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      8162318                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1822689903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       515873447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2352767                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2356837                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        194217670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    314613535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    162888698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     30850535                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     24050763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1974654389                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5765987                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1848274215                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3816091                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    383137254                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    535462759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1853732                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2295327622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.805233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.554028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1613568510     70.30%     70.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    222853491      9.71%     80.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    155704487      6.78%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    104692011      4.56%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     75301899      3.28%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     62243067      2.71%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     42005053      1.83%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     16190364      0.71%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2768740      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2295327622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6633299     48.50%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        18196      0.13%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3841350     28.09%     76.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      3183366     23.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8452438      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1397213835     75.60%     76.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1498257      0.08%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    291971080     15.80%     91.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    149138605      8.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1848274215                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.610580                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           13676211                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007399                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6010287527                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2359956083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1801011200                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4667272                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3983337                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2091989                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1851241737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        2256251                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     34769957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     70400298                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       245879                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       395929                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     35907304                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       215534                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      71126161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      430970362                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      3927770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1980420376                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     14693097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    314613535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    162888698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2918975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1912790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       701240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       395929                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8856873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18984213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     27841086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1822418477                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    284426204                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     25855738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           430545361                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       173361921                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         146119157                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.602039                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1805731660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1803103189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1222312809                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1878156140                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.595658                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.650805                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    417826740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3912255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     25430129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2224518417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.702447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.766268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1751712667     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    163061406      7.33%     86.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     64134310      2.88%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     82962765      3.73%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     37182723      1.67%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26392215      1.19%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19545529      0.88%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     11790510      0.53%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     67736292      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2224518417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    843175839                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1562607368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             371194627                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            244213234                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            2000236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         154803477                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1691608                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1552584281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     67736292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4136737840                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         4032251013                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16372719                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              731751658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          1037515237                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          843175839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1562607368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    843175839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.590093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.590093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.278544                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.278544                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3609879565                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2058979437                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3125324                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1664203                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      792770884                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2021752                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          639919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       545952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        59552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1126505296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       196023857                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1323775104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1126505296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1126505296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide       274432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1787058                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    130775834                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       132837324                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            22254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        68244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         7444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        140813162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         30484835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           171396005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide         4288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           38465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19371777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19414530                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             472558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       403166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        43977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          831884769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          144756764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             977561624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     831884769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        831884769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       202658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           1319680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          96573380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             98095719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       203048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           1792238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       403166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        43977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         831884769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         241330144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           1075657343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           67                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       274432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           67                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      356127                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1503266                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      4637                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4633                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 4221                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4633                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               10984774                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     9270                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1859393                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         6846                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2103899                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 8880875                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          3424                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          3421                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8829                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     4066841642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 106717938                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   204635837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           201843269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2673620                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13549066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  201843269                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2673620                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         513937164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        223109150                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            4894253                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           2304015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    49942890                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  30522412                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19420478                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             3828379960.570527                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             238461681.429473                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.058636                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.941364                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
