
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27161                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48784                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14327820                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    20.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        58304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              256448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 885                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    201066255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239911107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              884382527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433252533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        195327811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             195327811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        195327811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    201066255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239911107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1079710338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      904                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.312611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063370000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.312611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            913                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          928                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             928                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    158375880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    158375880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159034880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    159034880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159034880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    159034880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43933.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43933.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173467.557503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173467.557503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171373.793103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171373.793103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171373.793103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171373.793103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       992500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10025.252525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            890                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 890                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       468500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       468500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147474000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147474000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147942500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147942500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147942500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147942500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31233.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31233.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161526.834611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161526.834611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159420.797414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159420.797414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159420.797414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159420.797414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           15                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        61440                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           214                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1675.503363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              37                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.172897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           58.186564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.601077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.716739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.436079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1113.304709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    467.258259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.014206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.271803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.114077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.409058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1594                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4412                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4466                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          821                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3243891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204930936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85882053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294868918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28704043                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28704043                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3243891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204930936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114586096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323572961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3243891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812038                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204930936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114586096                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323572961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.555989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.713913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.393706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.837838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.555989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.413141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.555989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.413141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104641.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101504.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102670.809619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104606.641900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102921.088307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102881.874552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102881.874552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104641.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101504.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102670.809619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104169.178182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102917.608461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104641.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101504.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102670.809619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104169.178182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102917.608461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3074191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       767838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193912749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81388639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279143417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27153943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27153943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3074191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       767838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193912749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108542582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306297360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3074191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       767838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193912749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108542582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306297360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7054726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7054726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10237738                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10237738                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.555989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.713913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.555989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.411958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.555989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99167.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95979.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97150.675852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99133.543240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97739.291667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97325.960573                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97325.960573                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99167.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95979.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97150.675852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98675.074545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97702.507177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99167.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95979.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97150.675852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98675.074545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97702.507177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1668.400471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.378972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.623778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.970209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1144.600732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    484.826857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     46                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     46                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2967291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186717381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78390865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268816375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26032324                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26032324                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2967291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186717381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104423189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294848699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2967291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186717381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104423189                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294848699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.983944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95719.064516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95215.390617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96778.845679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95358.770841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93979.509025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93979.509025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95719.064516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95215.390617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96065.491260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95235.367894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95719.064516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95215.390617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96065.491260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95235.367894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2536657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159170271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67089988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229426041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22077905                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22077905                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2536657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159170271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89167893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251503946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2536657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159170271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89167893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251503946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81827.645161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81167.909740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82827.145679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81646.277936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79703.628159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79703.628159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81827.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81167.909740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82031.180313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81471.961775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81827.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81167.909740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82031.180313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81471.961775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3080                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.209117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.875974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066747300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.788465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.420651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31090                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31109                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31090                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31109                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    287512314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    287512314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    287512314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    287512314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    287512314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    287512314                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.119338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.119338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.119338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68244.081177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68211.699644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68244.081177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68211.699644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68244.081177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68211.699644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224625237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224625237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224625237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224625237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224625237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224625237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62569.703900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62569.703900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62569.703900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62569.703900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62569.703900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62569.703900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           97                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.599330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           97                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.041237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.269789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          602                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          602                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2270938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2270938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2270938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2270938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2270938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2270938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.152113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.152113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21627.980952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21027.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21627.980952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21027.203704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21627.980952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21027.203704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1942232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1942232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1942232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.148515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18497.447619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18497.447619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18497.447619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18497.447619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18497.447619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18497.447619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2411                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.674888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.111157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.733016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.941872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30539822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30539822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30539822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30539822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30539822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30539822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.872708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.872708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.872708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12598.936469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12583.363000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12598.936469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12583.363000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12598.936469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12583.363000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23054384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23054384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23054384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23054384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23054384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23054384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9510.884488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9510.884488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9510.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9510.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9510.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9510.884488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   973                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.874233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   23634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.289825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.409754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.464479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34626                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34626                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20740                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20740                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2331                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2676                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2677                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    202154414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202154414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32160414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32160414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    234314828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    234314828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    234314828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    234314828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86724.330330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86687.141509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93218.591304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93218.591304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87561.594918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87528.886066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87561.594918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87528.886066                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92721365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92721365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29844401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29844401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122565766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122565766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122565766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122565766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7321424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7321424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10645019                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10645019                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80557.224153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80557.224153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89622.825826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89622.825826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82591.486523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82591.486523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82591.486523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82591.486523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  815847                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49084                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35455                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21672                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21672                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70000                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1295                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4346                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             36                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       450571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.967459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.445096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          382310     84.85%     84.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3062      0.68%     85.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2745      0.61%     86.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3853      0.86%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6202      1.38%     88.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4044      0.90%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6367      1.41%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3336      0.74%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38652      8.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       450571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.060163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.280328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          191254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64067                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20298                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419371                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20298                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          196580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104990                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       436970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       997254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1340                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2141                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334969                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154409                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          989                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       450571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.743432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.511864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       328334     72.87%     72.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39602      8.79%     81.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26026      5.78%     87.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19806      4.40%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14910      3.31%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10767      2.39%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7970      1.77%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2646      0.59%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          510      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       450571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            892     50.62%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           438     24.86%     75.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          432     24.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4115      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259274     77.40%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44784     13.37%     92.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26786      8.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334969                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.410578                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1762                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1124771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16262                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9421                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20298                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          901                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1841                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324824                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42535                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33795                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25652                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.398143                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320235                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208184                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339286                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.391417                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613594                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117436                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7553                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       430421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.588396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.553684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       345298     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30394      7.06%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16383      3.81%     91.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13225      3.07%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8183      1.90%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3444      0.80%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2321      0.54%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2839      0.66%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8334      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       430421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              792579                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761931                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 365276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2236                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.093413                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.093413                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.164112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.164112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644597                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348261                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139762                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003926137579                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975428915988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    51551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2279684869                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4581036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8774.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   237300124                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     452350315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1204864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       467136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1588160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       467136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         467136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2487360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2487360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               60231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 216873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124344                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              60231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45420                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.942867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.403367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.938320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.933645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.933929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1709                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1709                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            7034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               7034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           7034                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              7034                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           32055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35311                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          51951                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         67106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            84006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        67106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           84006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1292097114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1303488114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927375920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2341241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5268616920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938766920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3633338114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6572105034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938766920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3633338114                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6572105034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        37120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        37020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        74140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          91040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        74140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         91040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.953836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.968151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.922737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.922737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43811.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40638.374398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40664.112120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175924.033654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66303.446518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101415.120402                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173891.533728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54143.267577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78233.757517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173891.533728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54143.267577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78233.757517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21464500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1867                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11496.786288                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35365                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35365                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        67106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        84006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        67106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        84006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    896017070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904106070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2726830592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1904659600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4631490192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734919592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2800676670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5535596262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734919592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2800676670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5535596262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.953836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31111.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28181.068407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28204.837623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163872.030769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53939.554247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89151.126870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161829.561657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41735.115638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65895.248697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161829.561657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41735.115638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65895.248697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        536530                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4001.439742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         8719536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        540556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         16.130680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          767.344729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.762578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.305083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2376.453396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    821.572284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.187340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.580189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.200579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.976914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1249354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6054778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       701368                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                8055223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          710458                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               710458                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29059                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               29059                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       218894                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               218894                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1249354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6054778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       920262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8274117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1249354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6054778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       920262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8274117                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       309754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       172704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               488788                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             19622                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        63321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              63321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       309754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       236025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                552109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       309754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       236025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               552109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133143914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21781607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7227435412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5637757144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13020118077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    561038185                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    561038185                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3323755741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3323755741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133143914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21781607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7227435412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8961512885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16343873818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133143914                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21781607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7227435412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8961512885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16343873818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1254939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6364532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       874072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8544011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       710458                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           710458                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           48681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       282215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           282215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1254939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6364532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1156287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             8826226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1254939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6364532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1156287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            8826226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.197586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.057208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403073                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.403073                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224371                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.224371                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.204123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.062553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.204123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.062553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23839.554879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29237.056376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23332.823505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32644.044979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26637.556726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28592.303792                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28592.303792                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52490.575654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52490.575654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23839.554879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29237.056376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23332.823505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37968.490139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29602.621616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23839.554879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29237.056376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23332.823505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37968.490139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29602.621616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              112007                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   112007                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       309751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       172686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          488767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        19622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         63321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       309751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       236007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           552088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       309751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       236007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          552088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    103065033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17684129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5460014088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4674352333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10255115583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1183046389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183046389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2968293266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2968293266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    103065033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17684129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5460014088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7642645599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13223408849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    103065033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17684129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5460014088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7642645599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13223408849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3953953070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3953953070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6375450731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6375450731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10329403801                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10329403801                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.197565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403073                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403073                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.204108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.062551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.204108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18453.900269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23737.085906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17627.107218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27068.507771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20981.603879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60291.835134                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60291.835134                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46876.917073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46876.917073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18453.900269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23737.085906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17627.107218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32383.131005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23951.632437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18453.900269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23737.085906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17627.107218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32383.131005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23951.632437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8403                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30348.835708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          533901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         13.537730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10519.671404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.502123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.053373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.086110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   148.660165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    49.434754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8430.343847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11196.083932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.321035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.257274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.341677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.926173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       302451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       128556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 437067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          112007                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               112007                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  71                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                35659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       302451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       164215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  472726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       302451                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       164215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 472726                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                51700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 69709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62139                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                69709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18336577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6916718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683641778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2331635756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3040530829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    440287157                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    440287157                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1437126565                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1437126565                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18336577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6916718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683641778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3768762321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4477657394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18336577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6916718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683641778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3768762321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4477657394                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       309751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       172686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             488767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       112007                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           112007                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53668                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            53668                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       309751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              542435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       309751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             542435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.255551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.105776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997575                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.997575                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.335563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.128511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.128511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93553.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93469.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93649.558630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52835.616497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58811.041180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15076.262053                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15076.262053                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79800.464490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79800.464490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93553.964286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93469.162162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93649.558630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60650.514508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64233.562295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93553.964286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93469.162162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93649.558630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60650.514508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64233.562295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            69709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           69709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15593801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5880230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580809270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1711824268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2314107569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1600646642                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600646642                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1179352247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1179352247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15593801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5880230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580809270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2891176515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3493459816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15593801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5880230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580809270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2891176515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3493459816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3524210994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3524210994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5671802457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5671802457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9196013451                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9196013451                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.255551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997575                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997575                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.335563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.128511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79560.209184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79462.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79562.913699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38790.488738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44760.301141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54809.157718                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54809.157718                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65486.825865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65486.825865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79560.209184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79462.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79562.913699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46527.567470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50114.903614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79560.209184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79462.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79562.913699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46527.567470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50114.903614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       594390                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       750010                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8582                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7231                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4977                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7226                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  537654                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15813                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1344400                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           790                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   237709                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   299945                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            429                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            361                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8910                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6364534                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16904002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6365046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.655755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16896670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16896670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16896670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16896670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16896670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16896670                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6611370                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6611370                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6611370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6611370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6611370                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6611370                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  81381965425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81381965425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  81381965425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  81381965425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  81381965425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  81381965425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23508040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23508040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23508040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23508040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23508040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23508040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12309.395091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12309.395091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12309.395091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12309.395091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12309.395091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12309.395091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       102876                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        34292                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       246690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       246690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       246690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       246690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       246690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       246690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6364680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6364680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6364680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6364680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6364680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6364680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  56359146756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56359146756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  56359146756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56359146756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  56359146756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56359146756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8854.985130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8854.985130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8854.985130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8854.985130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8854.985130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8854.985130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        50520                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        105704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        50536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.091657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972564846300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       105249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       105249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       105249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       105249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       105249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       105249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50723                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        50723                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        50723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50723                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        50723                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    894762637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    894762637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    894762637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    894762637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    894762637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    894762637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       155972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       155972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       155972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.325206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.325206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.325206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.325206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.325206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.325206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17640.175798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17640.175798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17640.175798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17640.175798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17640.175798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17640.175798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           50                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    739339463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    739339463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    739339463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    739339463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    739339463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    739339463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.325206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.325206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.325206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14576.020011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14576.020011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14576.020011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14576.020011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14576.020011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14576.020011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1255307                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         83539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1255323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.066548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        83145                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        83145                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        83145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        83145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        83145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        83145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1255554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1255554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1255554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19634898788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19634898788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19634898788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  19634898788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19634898788                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  19634898788                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1338699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1338699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1338699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1338699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1338699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1338699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.937891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.937891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.937891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15638.434339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15638.434339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15638.434339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15638.434339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15638.434339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15638.434339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          393                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          393                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1255554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1255554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1255554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15804548303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15804548303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15804548303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15804548303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  15804548303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15804548303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12587.708934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12587.708934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12587.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12587.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12587.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12587.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1140314                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.983963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                50068746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1140826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.888153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.983963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31391592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31391592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18589502                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18589502                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49981094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49981094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49981094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49981094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1380022                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1380022                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       332245                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       332245                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1712267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1712267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1712267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1712267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32362671928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32362671928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9102202903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9102202903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41464874831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41464874831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41464874831                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41464874831                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32771614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32771614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18921747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18921747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51693361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51693361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51693361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51693361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23450.837688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23450.837688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27396.056835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27396.056835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24216.360434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24216.360434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24216.360434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24216.360434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       710015                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           710015                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       505200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       505200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       507719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       507719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       507719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       507719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       874822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       874822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       329726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       329726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1204548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1204548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1204548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1204548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16254961666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16254961666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7897675256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7897675256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24152636922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24152636922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24152636922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24152636922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4125614539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4125614539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6630625931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6630625931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10756240470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10756240470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18580.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18580.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23952.236875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23952.236875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20051.203374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20051.203374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20051.203374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20051.203374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               373743525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29415109                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29415109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3965395                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25498181                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15124853                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200037551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             142835540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29415109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15124853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46763981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13465070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            596531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      69590660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       178040                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           33                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23508042                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2815689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27521                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    326596274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.844873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.295390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       281282452     86.13%     86.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3710645      1.14%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2254955      0.69%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3506501      1.07%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2786938      0.85%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3177688      0.97%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3177918      0.97%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2504720      0.77%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24194457      7.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    326596274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.078704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.382175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       197495355                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     75586894                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43507257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       759708                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9247060                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     270297497                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          148                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9247060                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       200002699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10296149                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     60652658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41763645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4634063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     262159575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        21249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        295313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2518313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8797                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    288480015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    657061425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    651803568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5257857                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    221402895                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        67077230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1598423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1624404                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         17055657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     39090346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23539234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3071831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1889950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         250304524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2141427                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        236811861                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       536324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     47665150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67171865                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       584767                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    326596274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.725091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.473410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    236319247     72.36%     72.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31165381      9.54%     81.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21082660      6.46%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13309648      4.08%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10345677      3.17%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7219670      2.21%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4490537      1.37%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2179696      0.67%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483758      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    326596274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         468133     33.41%     33.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        52429      3.74%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        521255     37.20%     74.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       359486     25.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1860850      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    174548510     73.71%     74.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1439767      0.61%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37039178     15.64%     90.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21923556      9.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     236811861                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.633621                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1401303                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005917                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    799017058                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    297526327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    228325234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3565441                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2629673                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1620695                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     234550541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1801773                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3164300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8139868                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        46809                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        47414                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4568350                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        63257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9247060                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7644393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    252445951                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2230345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39090346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23539570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1892801                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         56329                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7614                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        47414                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1591059                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2831331                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4422390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    232680012                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36024128                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4131849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57452177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23439964                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21428049                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.622566                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             230306870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            229945929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        148318701                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        230156814                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.615251                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644425                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     53023880                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1556660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3976218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    317529835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.627400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.570435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    249222938     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24600636      7.75%     86.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12100158      3.81%     90.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12621399      3.97%     94.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6359758      2.00%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2632778      0.83%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2121887      0.67%     97.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1743512      0.55%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6126769      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    317529835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104569697                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     199218129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49921712                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30950489                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             200203                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20837647                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1265025                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        197276873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6126769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           563276259                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          513748721                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2830654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               47147251                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59696421930                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104569697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            199218129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104569697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.574109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.574109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.279790                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.279790                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       459775212                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      249200231                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2904753                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1531576                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107325704                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1503504                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1177098                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       369216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1407649728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       235996372                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1645265758                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1407649728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1407649728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1021478                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    158343635                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       162326521                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            38185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        175956216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37235333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           213285054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           36101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23432887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23515260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70368673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11797503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              82247142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70368673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70368673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             51064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7915628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8114733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70368673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19713131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             90361875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      750010                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      594390                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7231                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8582                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5440                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8577                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 537654                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15813                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1344400                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          790                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  299945                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  237709                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           361                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           429                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8006                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072781687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 131646740                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   251203337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           249008366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               962742                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17133370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  249008366                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      962742                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         636529587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        280381565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1606396                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            785713                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60735074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37258488                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23476586                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59778185197.964088                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             294596489.035917                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004904                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995096                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
