
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  74540                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   132895                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40514106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      537293                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              311104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    283366198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1065307879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    283366198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1356563622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.728720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613533000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.728720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245169832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245169832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246096832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246096832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246096832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246096832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182418.029762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182418.029762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1536800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9979.220779                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       653200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228983792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229636992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229636992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229636992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229636992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29690.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29690.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170374.845238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170374.845238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           262                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1827.147225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.278626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           86.816918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.358781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.282800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1173.906002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    515.782860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.446081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1612                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1612                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7501507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2968090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222259995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104921954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337651546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32677944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32677944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7501507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2968090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222259995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137599898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370329490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7501507                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2968090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222259995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137599898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370329490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.648221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.411996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.400000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.786967                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.430092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.430092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105655.028169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109929.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103472.995810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106628.002033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104149.150524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104402.376997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104069.885350                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105655.028169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109929.259259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103472.995810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106090.900540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104142.151294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105655.028169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109929.259259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103472.995810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106090.900540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104142.151294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7112907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2582190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210400758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99532622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319628477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30941044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30941044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7112907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2582190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210400758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130473666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350569521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7112907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2582190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210400758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130473666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350569521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241974                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241974                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.648221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.428278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100181.788732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103287.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97951.935754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101151.038618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99017.495973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94626                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94626                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98853.175719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98853.175719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100181.788732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103287.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97951.935754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.504241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99002.971195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100181.788732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103287.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97951.935754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.504241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99002.971195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1793.914738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.711636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.339896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.283998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.129734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    537.449610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6840807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2496990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202704174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96030317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308072288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29889721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29889721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6840807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2496990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202704174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125920038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337962009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6840807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2496990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202704174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125920038                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337962009                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99142.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99879.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95750.672650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97990.119388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96182.418982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95494.316294                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95190.194268                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99142.130435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99879.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95750.672650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97385.953596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96093.832528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99142.130435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99879.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95750.672650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97385.953596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96093.832528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5882296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172978212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82378180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263388304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25444629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25444629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5882296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172978212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107822809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288832933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5882296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172978212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107822809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288832933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85250.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85984.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81709.122343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84059.367347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82540.991539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81292.744409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81292.744409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85250.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85984.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81709.122343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83389.643465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82429.490011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85250.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85984.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81709.122343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83389.643465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82429.490011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3249                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.754498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.859034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.456274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26544                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26535                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26544                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311680227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311680227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311680227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    311680227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311680227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    311680227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        31001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        31001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69946.190978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69930.497420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69946.190978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69930.497420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69946.190978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69930.497420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243214392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243214392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243214392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243214392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243214392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243214392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64684.678723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.678723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          100                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.043450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.240000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745551300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.908948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4290346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4290346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4290346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4290346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4290346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4290346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.237219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.237219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.237219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37967.663717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37967.663717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.741379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37967.663717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.741379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3927153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3927153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3927153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34753.566372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34753.566372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2457                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.285714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618796300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35571207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35571207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35571207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35571207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35571207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35571207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.759129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.759129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.759129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14418.811107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.014147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14418.811107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.014147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14418.811107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.014147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27950962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27950962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27950962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27950962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27950962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27950962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11329.940008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.940008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1420                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               372.517327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   33265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.426056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.864889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   371.652438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.725884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.727573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17421                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17422                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49809                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2777                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221397656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221397656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36893497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36893497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258291153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    258291153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258291153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    258291153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79754.198847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79725.479294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89547.322816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89330.501211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81019.809598                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80969.013480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81019.809598                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80969.013480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114079403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114079403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34509229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34509229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148588632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148588632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148588632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148588632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3327183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3327183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7322975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7322975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10650158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10650158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75101.647795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75101.647795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85843.853234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85843.853234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44786                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33303                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18418                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196919                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                215112                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44786                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          263                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4133                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             66                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.878414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.350581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392143     86.31%     86.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2815      0.62%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2510      0.55%     87.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3425      0.75%     88.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5123      1.13%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3762      0.83%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6031      1.33%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2847      0.63%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35698      7.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195627                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178122                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        383543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109490                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        364990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          134                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       403166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       912959                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       912793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       245842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          157217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1051                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48863                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27474                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            339266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           300888                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       169174                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          822                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       342119     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37573      8.27%     83.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        24091      5.30%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18461      4.06%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13067      2.88%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9921      2.18%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6448      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2203      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          471      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            698     48.17%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           379     26.16%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          372     25.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3201      1.06%      1.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       231627     76.98%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42652     14.18%     92.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23398      7.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        300888                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.343115                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1449                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1060354                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       454254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       286859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           64                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           82                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           19                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        299104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18898                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9591                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93720                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       340979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48863                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27474                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1564                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6479                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8043                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       292065                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40451                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62797                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29922                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22346                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.333054                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                287617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               286878                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           189110                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           300760                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.327139                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628774                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6955                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358861     82.75%     82.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27678      6.38%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13912      3.21%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11737      2.71%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6868      1.58%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3461      0.80%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1961      0.45%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2827      0.65%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6380      1.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118616                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        218085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47814                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29933                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24206                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           216119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              768105                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             702872                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               218085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.393025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.393025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135263                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135263                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          566637                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         313913                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               28                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         128292                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.010289                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5010289217478                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12609352370988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19806                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    34511                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68285040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4967412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 73373.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1453210895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2532167627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3362752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3086400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       622656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     41529408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    223942144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           272547328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     41529408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       41529408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    125780352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        125780352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        52543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       648897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      3499096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              4258552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1965318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1965318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       671169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       124275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      8288824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     44696451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               54397524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      8288824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           8288824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         25104409                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              25104409                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         25104409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       671169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       616012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       124275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      8288824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     44696451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              79501933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    53432                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.664776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         37                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    53445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.755114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         8.909662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.297195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.556854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.854048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             869                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52544                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52629                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            53498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           53498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     34066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2979680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37045680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9637713432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      6292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9644005432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9671779432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      9271680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9681051112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9671779432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      9271680                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9681051112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           90                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.984145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42370.646766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45841.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42630.241657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183421.769032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 74023.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183245.082217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181296.007948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61811.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180960.991289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181296.007948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61811.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180960.991289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64050200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10194.206589                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52607                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52607                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        52544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        53348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     24124800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26298800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9004653856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5246800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9009900656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9028778656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7420800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9036199456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9028778656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7420800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9036199456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.887574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30005.970149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33446.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30263.291139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171373.588916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 61727.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171196.501093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169243.057959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        49472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168907.238701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169243.057959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        49472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168907.238701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          821                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3362816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          821                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      14238544                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4049.981050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        63325703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      14242613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.446214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625578771300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          758.694422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    55.654677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.126235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1245.211827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1970.290793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.185228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.304007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.481028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23508832                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1821231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8129808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17228053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               50687924                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        15327318                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             15327318                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       733542                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              733542                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4484141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              4484141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23508832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1821231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8129808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21712194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                55172065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23508832                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1821231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8129808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21712194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               55172065                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3131132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8007691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             11539461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2657801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2657801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3131132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     10665492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              14197262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99989                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3131132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     10665492                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             14197262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10422862751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2998299792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 120587688214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 336209931418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   470218782175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    168087282                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    168087282                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180073172369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 180073172369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10422862751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2998299792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 120587688214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 516283103787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    650291954544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10422862751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2998299792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 120587688214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 516283103787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   650291954544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23809481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11260940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25235744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           62227385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     15327318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         15327318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       740748                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          740748                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7141942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          7141942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23809481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11260940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32377686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            69369327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23809481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11260940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32377686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           69369327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.185440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009728                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.009728                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.372140                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.372140                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.204662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.204662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34667.877661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29986.296413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38512.489481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41985.877255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40748.764797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23326.017485                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23326.017485                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67752.691932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67752.691932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34667.877661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29986.296413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38512.489481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48406.871787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45804.039860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34667.877661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29986.296413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38512.489481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48406.871787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45804.039860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5495606                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5495606                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3131124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8007656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11539361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2657801                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2657801                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3131124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10665457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         14197162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3131124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10665457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        14197162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8787221242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2444389092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102862948012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 291403548375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 405498106721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    589753608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    589753608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165178886891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165178886891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8787221242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2444389092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102862948012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456582435266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 570676993612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8787221242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2444389092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102862948012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456582435266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 570676993612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    128796046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    128796046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    360831719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    360831719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    489627765                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    489627765                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009728                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009728                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.372140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.204661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29229.453053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24455.629622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32851.764418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36390.617726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35140.429936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81842.021649                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81842.021649                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62148.703718                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62148.703718                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29229.453053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24455.629622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32851.764418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42809.458166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40196.554326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29229.453053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24455.629622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32851.764418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42809.458166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40196.554326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       4180050                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32480.559774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        12827894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       4212641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.045095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625403204700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10762.199372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.029901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.018211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   580.390223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   125.049422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5079.457353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15933.411958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.328436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.155013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.486249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       252404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2482226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6042403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8867256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5495606                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5495606                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1195                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1195                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1123501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1123501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       252404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2482226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7165904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 9990757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       252404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2482226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7165904                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                9990757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       648898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1965253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              2672105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1534161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1534161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       648898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3499414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               4206266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       648898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3499414                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              4206266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4501310945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    921544614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60660929920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 183883010265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   249966795744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     46929948                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     46929948                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 142475874758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 142475874758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4501310945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    921544614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60660929920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 326358885023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    392442670502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4501310945                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    921544614                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60660929920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 326358885023                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   392442670502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3131124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8007656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           11539361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5495606                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5495606                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7345                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7345                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2657662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2657662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3131124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10665318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            14197023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       300629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        99952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3131124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10665318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           14197023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.231564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.837304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.577260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.577260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.296278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.296278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93339.781130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94721.411656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93482.997204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93567.093023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93546.771457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7630.885854                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7630.885854                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92868.919727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92868.919727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93339.781130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94721.411656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93482.997204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93261.010279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93299.537048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93339.781130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94721.411656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93482.997204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93261.010279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93299.537048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1912711                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1912711                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       648898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1965253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2672105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6150                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6150                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1534161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1534161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       648898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3499414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          4206266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       648898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3499414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         4206266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3825066989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    785509826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51511687582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156200193231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 212322457628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    480860768                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480860768                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120475856796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120475856796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3825066989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    785509826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51511687582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276676050027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 332798314424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3825066989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    785509826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51511687582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276676050027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 332798314424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    114920484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    114920484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    317182790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    317182790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    432103274                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    432103274                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837304                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837304                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.577260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.296278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.160414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.207241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79317.096713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80739.009765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79383.335412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79480.959058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79458.875167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78188.742764                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78188.742764                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78528.822461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78528.822461                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79317.096713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80739.009765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79383.335412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79063.537503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79119.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79317.096713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80739.009765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79383.335412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79063.537503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79119.654921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         1144                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1876                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        40                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        3020                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     1827                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2995                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  21                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11260973                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               355251130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11261485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.545674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    355242817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      355242817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    355242817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       355242817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    355242817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      355242817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12111044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12111044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12111044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12111044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12111044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12111044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 288511358547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 288511358547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 288511358547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 288511358547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 288511358547                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 288511358547                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    367353861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    367353861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    367353861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    367353861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    367353861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    367353861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23822.170785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23822.170785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23822.170785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23822.170785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23822.170785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23822.170785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6334378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39589.862500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       849999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       849999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       849999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       849999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       849999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       849999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11261045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11261045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11261045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11261045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11261045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11261045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221997025653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 221997025653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221997025653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 221997025653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 221997025653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 221997025653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19713.714460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19713.714460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19713.714460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19713.714460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19713.714460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19713.714460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1921316                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       6595450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1921332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.432749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6595191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      6595191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6595191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      6595191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6595191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      6595191                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1921546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1921546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1921546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  30695766068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30695766068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  30695766068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30695766068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  30695766068                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30695766068                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8516737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8516737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8516737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8516737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8516737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8516737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15974.515348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15974.515348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15974.515348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15974.515348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15974.515348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15974.515348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1410                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1410                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1921546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1921546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1921546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1921546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  24655156447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24655156447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  24655156447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24655156447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  24655156447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24655156447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12830.895772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12830.895772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12830.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12830.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12830.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12830.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     23816491                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      45643580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     23816507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.916468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45643024                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     45643024                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45643024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     45643024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45643024                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     45643024                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23823643                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     23823643                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23823643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     23823643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23823643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     23823643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 299656531070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 299656531070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 299656531070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 299656531070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 299656531070                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 299656531070                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     69466667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     69466667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     69466667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     69466667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     69466667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     69466667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12578.115407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12578.115407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12578.115407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12578.115407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12578.115407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12578.115407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        10095                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        10095                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23823643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23823643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23823643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23823643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23823643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23823643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 225424874658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 225424874658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 225424874658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 225424874658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 225424874658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 225424874658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9462.233574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9462.233574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9462.233574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9462.233574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9462.233574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9462.233574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              32377520                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               710123235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              32378032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.932254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    522888634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      522888634                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    186358028                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     186358028                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    709246662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       709246662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    709246662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      709246662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     39710964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     39710964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7904416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      7904416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     47615380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      47615380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     47615380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     47615380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1166921177651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1166921177651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 281740419406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 281740419406                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1448661597057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1448661597057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1448661597057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1448661597057                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    562599598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    562599598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    194262444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    194262444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    756862042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    756862042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    756862042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    756862042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29385.365151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29385.365151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35643.420008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35643.420008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30424.236813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30424.236813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30424.236813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30424.236813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15315813                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         15315813                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14467439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     14467439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        35588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14503027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14503027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14503027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14503027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25243525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     25243525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7868828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      7868828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33112353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     33112353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33112353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     33112353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 545620907802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 545620907802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 251995105984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 251995105984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 797616013786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 797616013786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 797616013786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 797616013786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    134363619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    134363619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    376931284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    376931284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    511294903                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    511294903                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21614.291499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21614.291499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32024.477595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32024.477595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24088.170774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24088.170774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24088.170774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24088.170774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              4358416171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       431229642                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    431229642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     46011370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    311884227                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       251027000                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1403998647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            2391937891                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          431229642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    251027000                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            708133211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      249070504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          60422010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1412410325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        77817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1342681                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1761                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        367354004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     22424039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         924830                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   3788332243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.108039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.552746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      3092081345     81.62%     81.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        43305493      1.14%     82.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        43118113      1.14%     83.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        62162720      1.64%     85.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        48009194      1.27%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        57478548      1.52%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        43499116      1.15%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        48257644      1.27%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       350420070      9.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   3788332243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.098942                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.548809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1455191503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1451040663                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        652052587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     28101699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     201945791                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    4099329916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     201945791                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1515631148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1164082041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     42718548                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        614761720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    249192995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    3984444201                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2265501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      44402402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    190352779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1330460                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   4469712665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  10035435720                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  10002335388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     33100332                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2855106762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1614605895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2060142                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2063326                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        543992668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    772407457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    311088403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     53163329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     34569858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        3808969111                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3696944                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       3311178453                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8482892                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1251520231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1883891700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1508938                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   3788332243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.874046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.500240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2441259145     64.44%     64.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    487517450     12.87%     77.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    338711120      8.94%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    207772810      5.48%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    144136635      3.80%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     93594179      2.47%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     52645350      1.39%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     19033634      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3661920      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   3788332243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4987830     30.86%     30.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13739      0.09%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       6800889     42.08%     73.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4358858     26.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     22019163      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   2380083462     71.88%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5163500      0.16%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    650781146     19.65%     92.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    253131182      7.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    3311178453                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.759721                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           16161316                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  10433822758                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   5047385363                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3203032197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     19992765                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     17406672                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9265328                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    3295353717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        9966889                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     70610714                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    268723153                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       567067                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       636105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    116827512                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       233677                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          431                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     201945791                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      834922348                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     17919110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3812666055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     21749712                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    772407457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    311088403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3387444                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       7021431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2200049                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       636105                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     31867423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     17779807                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     49647230                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   3258330790                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    633526922                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     52847663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           881868241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       311558294                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         248341319                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.747595                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            3222283709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           3212297525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       2255369342                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       3497614681                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.737033                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644831                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1302105224                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2188006                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     46160096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   3586798354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.700499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.753798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2807248286     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    269243332      7.51%     85.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    120041755      3.35%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    147331268      4.11%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     55123355      1.54%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     32171077      0.90%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     24152599      0.67%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16930031      0.47%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    114556651      3.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   3586798354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1442768203                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    2512548470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             697945191                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            503684301                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             141443                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         263086606                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           7319592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       2497105441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    114556651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          7286358844                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         7832114547                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               12110603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              570083928                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         10686318079                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1442768203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           2512548470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1442768203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.020871                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.020871                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.331030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.331030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      6311147147                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     3576962402                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          8851204                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         6794747                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1565605161                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1968700                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2708                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       204408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        94640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        98805584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        16867586                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          115977366                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     98805584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      98805584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     11959668                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        13210924                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        25551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        11830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         12350698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2584112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            14972585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1608612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1628215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        40798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19720535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3366589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23147839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19720535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19720535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2387021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2636759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        40798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19720535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5753611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25784597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1876                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        1144                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       40                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       3020                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2995                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    1827                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 22                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15045913974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   9366161                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    17711551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            17640584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                10622                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1344447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   17640584                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       10622                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          45325043                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         20333601                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              16219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6958                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     4202032                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2589433                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1612599                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15025213806.351589                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             20700167.648409                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
