
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59372                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   105434                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33109204                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519783                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436727676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    227416333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              985838762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436727676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         437390053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436727676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    227416333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293182000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.279079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046663000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.279079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.579942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.579942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245672824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245672824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246629824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246629824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246629824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246629824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174483.539773                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174483.539773                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172468.408392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172468.408392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172468.408392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172468.408392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1602000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11361.702128                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       677600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       677600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228707392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228707392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229384992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229384992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229384992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229384992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162434.227273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162434.227273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160409.085315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160409.085315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160409.085315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160409.085315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           174                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1846.302061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              30                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.172414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          148.759620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.499535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.747947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1229.667003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    430.628098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.036318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.105134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.450757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5096                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             841                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  841                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          125                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205758394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74608056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      283857030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34025306                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34025306                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205758394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108633362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317882336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3084894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205758394                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108633362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317882336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          841                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              841                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          435                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              438                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.351736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760920                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.762557                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.373418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.373418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102829.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102622.640399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104639.629734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102660.770344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102795.486405                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101872.173653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102829.800000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102622.640399                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104054.944444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102575.777993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102829.800000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102622.640399                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104054.944444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102575.777993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  20                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       20                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194692685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70727903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268724968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32186406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32186406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194692685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102914309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300911374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2921094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194692685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102914309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300911374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323199                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323199                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.760920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.512395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97369.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97103.583541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99197.619916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97647.154070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97239.897281                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97239.897281                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97369.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97103.583541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98576.924330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97603.429776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97369.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97103.583541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98576.924330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97603.429776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1751.131808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            4.139064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.133721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.748142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1260.330156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    447.780868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     40                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              20                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   20                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     40                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2725                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2806316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187667155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68070064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      258913621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30984391                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30984391                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2806316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187667155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99054455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289898012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2806316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187667155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99054455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289898012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           20                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               20                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.985533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.987088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.987088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96769.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94877.226997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97104.228245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95014.172844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93892.093939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93046.219219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96769.517241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94877.226997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96076.096023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94799.873120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96769.517241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94877.226997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96076.096023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94799.873120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2404216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159858516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58339352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220915684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26265667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26265667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2404216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159858516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84605019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247181351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2404216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159858516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84605019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247181351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        82904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80818.258847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83223.041369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81458.585546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79592.930303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79592.930303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        82904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80818.258847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82061.124151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81256.196910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        82904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80818.258847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82061.124151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81256.196910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3403                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.130540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.293858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049871300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.833257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21438                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21438                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4570                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295199684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295199684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295199684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    295199684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295199684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    295199684                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64637.548500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64595.116849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64637.548500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64595.116849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64637.548500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64595.116849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231152045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231152045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231152045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231152045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231152045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231152045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59072.845643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59072.845643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59072.845643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59072.845643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59072.845643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59072.845643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          125                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.083668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.104000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.340093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.743575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2202911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2202911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2202911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2202911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2202911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2202911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.375691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.375691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.375691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17076.829457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16197.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17076.829457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16197.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17076.829457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16197.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1804090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1804090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1804090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1804090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1804090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1804090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.363380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13985.193798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13985.193798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13985.193798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13985.193798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13985.193798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13985.193798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2321                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.019116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2337                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31319968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31319968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31319968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31319968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31319968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31319968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13436.279708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13401.783483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13436.279708                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13401.783483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13436.279708                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13401.783483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24154489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24154489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24154489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24154489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24154489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24154489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10362.286143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10362.286143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10362.286143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10362.286143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10362.286143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10362.286143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1653                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               234.710750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   33523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.280097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5082987126300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.415655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   233.295095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.911309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.916839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16199                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16203                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43464                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43469                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2494                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2946                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    157655812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157655812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38655151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38655151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    196310963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196310963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    196310963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196310963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63214.038492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63214.038492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86091.650334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85520.245575                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66704.370710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66636.443652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66704.370710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66636.443652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              841                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87650105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87650105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35963980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35963980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123614085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123614085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123614085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123614085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7789359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7789359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11777264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11777264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026189                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026178                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59464.114654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59464.114654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82486.192661                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82486.192661                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64719.416230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64719.416230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64719.416230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64719.416230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38677                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38677                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6246                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29528                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15315                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                186749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          403                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26005                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             40                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       416191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.829172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.294746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362553     87.11%     87.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2523      0.61%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1963      0.47%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2991      0.72%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3899      0.94%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3869      0.93%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5190      1.25%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2033      0.49%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31170      7.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       416191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          171026                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        331647                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106303                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11674                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        315285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          121                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       345409                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       779389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       779299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          133037                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          989                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40625                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25187                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2070                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1088                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            293300                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1654                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           262321                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        98030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       139386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          838                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       416191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.630290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.403939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318902     76.62%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32266      7.75%     84.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20363      4.89%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16583      3.98%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11523      2.77%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8690      2.09%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5449      1.31%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1976      0.47%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          439      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       416191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            508     39.53%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           413     32.14%     71.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          364     28.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2924      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201478     76.81%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        36022     13.73%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21887      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        262321                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339652                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1285                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       944462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       393084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        260668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15334                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8477                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          720                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40625                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25187                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           88                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6195                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7353                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       254552                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34111                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25784                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20878                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329593                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                250341                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           162350                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           254369                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323205                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638246                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105741                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       398092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.475167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.398841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332911     83.63%     83.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24260      6.09%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12309      3.09%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10087      2.53%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5882      1.48%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2955      0.74%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1671      0.42%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2444      0.61%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5573      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       398092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104049                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41968                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25274                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20614                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5573                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              687292                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             608143                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356131                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98110                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.422676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.422676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          488876                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         271361                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111500                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048993                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048993160737                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132500785516                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82321                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1641515828                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4757624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36581.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1561890880                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3011421640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3402880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       185152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2736704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     54647872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            61110336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2736704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2736704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     40409088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         40409088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        42761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       853873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               954849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         631392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              631392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        45575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       910055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                1017675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        45575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             45575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           672935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                672935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           672935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        45575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       910055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1690610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   275023                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.887247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   275038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.040344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.846903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            65                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               65                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       405579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          409108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22523                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73723                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        428102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           482831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       428102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          482831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507836664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  46964116574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47471953238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8947680600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    965938000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9913618600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9455517264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  47930054574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57385571838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9455517264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  47930054574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57385571838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       405762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        409291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       428350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         483079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       428350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        483079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143903.843582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115795.237362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116037.704562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174759.386719                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42886.738001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134471.177245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172769.779532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111959.426898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118852.293738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172769.779532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111959.426898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118852.293738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    405539736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8580.853896                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55076                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55076                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       405579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       409108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       428102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       482831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       428102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       482831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464902400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42067973984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42532876384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8330571936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    682371100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9012943036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8795474336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42750345084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51545819420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8795474336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42750345084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51545819420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131737.716067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103723.254863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103964.909960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162706.483125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30296.634551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122254.154551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160709.575106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99860.185386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106757.477088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160709.575106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99860.185386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106757.477088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6624748                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4053.041541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        58524382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6628791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          8.828817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6048174787300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1455.347629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   138.864502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.462565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1040.195867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1417.138263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.355309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.253954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.345981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22205166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       337478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11915436                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12038435                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46496515                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        13436630                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             13436630                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       920791                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              920791                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2711944                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2711944                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22205166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       337478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11915436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14750379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                49208459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22205166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       337478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11915436                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14750379                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               49208459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4091                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175379                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3899607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5206359                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             35363                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1775835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1775835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5675442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6982194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175379                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5675442                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6982194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2913077627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    135139446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28954582115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132859865077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   164862664265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2550588151                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2550588151                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92484279110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  92484279110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2913077627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    135139446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28954582115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225344144187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    257346943375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2913077627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    135139446                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28954582115                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225344144187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   257346943375                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22332448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13090815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15938042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           51702874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     13436630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         13436630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       956154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          956154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4487779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          4487779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22332448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13090815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20425821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            56190653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22332448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13090815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20425821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           56190653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.100698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.036985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.395705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.124259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.124259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22886.799602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33033.352725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24634.251688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34070.065285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31665.635095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72125.898566                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72125.898566                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52079.319931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52079.319931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22886.799602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33033.352725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24634.251688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39705.126788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36857.604268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22886.799602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33033.352725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24634.251688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39705.126788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36857.604268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4141120                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4141120                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3899607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5206349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35363                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        35363                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1775835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1775835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5675442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6982184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1175372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5675442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6982184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2234519588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112989204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22274421343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111296677008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 135918607143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2536242389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2536242389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  82425247526                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82425247526                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2234519588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112989204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22274421343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193721924534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 218343854669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2234519588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    112989204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22274421343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193721924534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 218343854669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8806139557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8806139557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12027734740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12027734740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20833874297                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20833874297                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036985                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036985                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.124259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17555.660565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27639.237769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18950.954543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28540.485492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26106.318870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71720.227045                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71720.227045                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46414.924543                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46414.924543                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17555.660565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27639.237769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18950.954543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34133.363452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31271.569851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17555.660565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27639.237769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18950.954543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34133.363452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31271.569851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        871833                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32107.428210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8438339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        904107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.333341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17635.801218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.410515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.179270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.359361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   151.050553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    21.656510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2298.392429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11998.578354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.538202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.070141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.366168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.979841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       124389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1132610                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3345103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4605616                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4141120                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4141120                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 233                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1092381                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1092381                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       124389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1132610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4437484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5697997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       124389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1132610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4437484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5697997                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42762                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       554504                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               600733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       372116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            372116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       346468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             346468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       900972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                947201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42762                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       900972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               947201                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    268033741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53356372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4001847436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51343465187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    55666702736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    918739390                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    918739390                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32004038259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  32004038259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    268033741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53356372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4001847436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  83347503446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     87670740995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    268033741                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53356372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4001847436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  83347503446                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    87670740995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1175372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3899607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5206349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4141120                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4141120                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       372349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          372349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1438849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1438849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1175372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5338456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6645198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1175372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5338456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6645198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.140411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.115385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.999374                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.240795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.140411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.142539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.140411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.142539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92649.063602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92955.351916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93584.197091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92593.498310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92664.632601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2468.959652                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2468.959652                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92372.277552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92372.277552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92649.063602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92955.351916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93584.197091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92508.428060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92557.694718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92649.063602                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92955.351916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93584.197091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92508.428060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92557.694718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              576316                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   576316                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       554504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          600733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       372116                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       372116                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       346468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        346468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       900972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           947201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       900972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          947201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227471715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45304877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3398261857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43555682553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47226721002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28347007644                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28347007644                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27011995528                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27011995528                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227471715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45304877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3398261857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70567678081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74238716530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227471715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45304877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3398261857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70567678081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74238716530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7898951652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7898951652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10695883707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10695883707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18594835359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18594835359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.140411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.140411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.142539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.022729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.140411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78628.314898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78928.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.198284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78548.905965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78615.160149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76177.879059                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76177.879059                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77963.897180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77963.897180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78628.314898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78928.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.198284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78323.941344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78376.940618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78628.314898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78928.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79469.198284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78323.941344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78376.940618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24083739                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68316                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18631                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        334                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   260                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18441                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3217647                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     18965                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24152055                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3208545                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9101                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            310                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19670                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13090818                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               139840839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13091330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.681943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139832673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      139832673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139832673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       139832673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139832673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      139832673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13719869                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13719869                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13719869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13719869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13719869                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13719869                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 218400011026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 218400011026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 218400011026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 218400011026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 218400011026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 218400011026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    153552542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153552542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    153552542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    153552542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    153552542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    153552542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.089350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15918.520142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15918.520142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15918.520142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15918.520142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15918.520142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15918.520142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       678221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 29487.869565                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       629032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       629032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       629032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       629032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       629032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       629032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13090837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13090837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13090837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13090837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13090837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13090837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164722925902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164722925902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164722925902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 164722925902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164722925902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 164722925902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12583.070578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12583.070578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12583.070578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12583.070578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12583.070578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12583.070578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       341591                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        400767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       341607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.173181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083929363300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       400483                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       400483                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       400483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       400483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       400483                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       400483                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       341795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       341795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341795                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       341795                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7046326631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7046326631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7046326631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7046326631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7046326631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7046326631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       742278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       742278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       742278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       742278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       742278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       742278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.460468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.460468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.460468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.460468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.460468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.460468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20615.651578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20615.651578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20615.651578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20615.651578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20615.651578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20615.651578                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          120                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       341795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       341795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       341795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       341795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6011641743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6011641743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6011641743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6011641743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6011641743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6011641743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.460468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.460468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.460468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17588.442613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17588.442613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17588.442613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17588.442613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17588.442613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17588.442613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     22334659                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9562632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     22334675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.428152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9562329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9562329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9562329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9562329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9562329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9562329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22336166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     22336166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22336166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     22336166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22336166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     22336166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 270361604688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 270361604688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 270361604688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 270361604688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 270361604688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 270361604688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31898495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31898495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31898495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     31898495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31898495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     31898495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.700226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.700226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.700226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.700226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.700226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.700226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12104.208246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12104.208246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12104.208246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12104.208246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12104.208246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12104.208246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1164                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1164                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22336166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22336166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22336166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22336166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22336166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22336166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 202779046869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 202779046869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 202779046869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 202779046869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 202779046869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 202779046869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.700226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.700226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.700226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9078.507335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9078.507335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9078.507335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9078.507335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9078.507335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9078.507335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              20404878                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.999584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               244645153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              20405134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 11.989392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.999584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    140221341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      140221341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103396713                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103396713                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    243618054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       243618054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    243618054                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      243618054                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     28974396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     28974396                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5470572                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5470572                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     34444968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      34444968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     34444968                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     34444968                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 862764921200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 862764921200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 157332682070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 157332682070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1020097603270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1020097603270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1020097603270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1020097603270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169195737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169195737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108867285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108867285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278063022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278063022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278063022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278063022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.171248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050250                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050250                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.123875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29776.804362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29776.804362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28759.822934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28759.822934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29615.286717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29615.286717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29615.286717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29615.286717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13435346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         13435346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13030500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     13030500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        41279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        41279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13071779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     13071779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13071779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     13071779                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15943896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15943896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5429293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5429293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21373189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21373189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21373189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21373189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332382938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 332382938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 135658771925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 135658771925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 468041709925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 468041709925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 468041709925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 468041709925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9166824630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9166824630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12520798953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12520798953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21687623583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21687623583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20847.033749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20847.033749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24986.452550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24986.452550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21898.543541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21898.543541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21898.543541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21898.543541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2573713750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       206890227                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    206890227                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22974093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    133251062                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        92518871                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    840033150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             942798527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          206890227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     92518871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            313125662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       81063730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          10128319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1213703428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5680106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1322481                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          308                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        153552563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13980362                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          83751                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2441484776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.776150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.218804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2134018688     87.41%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23894623      0.98%     88.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15968920      0.65%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19284858      0.79%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21791711      0.89%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19868483      0.81%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17546768      0.72%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23403591      0.96%     93.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       165707134      6.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2441484776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.080386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       810690440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1270957207                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        289221143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     13124664                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      57491322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1866209229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          472                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      57491322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       846605650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      897966195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    242915437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        265484339                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    131021833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1824448094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1764530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      57211504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     61959945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1765054                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2040838954                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4652118945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4338363341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    313755604                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1529579060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       511260004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3592837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3692425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        299600790                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    204640660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127987143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14648887                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12809382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1664958983                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6311267                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1549607834                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     11649812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    291065193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    454277007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1907961                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2441484776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.634699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.333984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1794802243     73.51%     73.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    255826957     10.48%     83.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    156475981      6.41%     90.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     90420615      3.70%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     60400711      2.47%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44455554      1.82%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     29663843      1.21%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7807578      0.32%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1631294      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2441484776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3196391     36.28%     36.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12805      0.15%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3295785     37.41%     73.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2305155     26.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     34036817      2.20%      2.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1113514107     71.86%     74.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     91958802      5.93%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190807652     12.31%     92.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119290456      7.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1549607834                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.602090                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8810136                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5349971970                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1806664774                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1414252418                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    219563285                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    155808522                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106576872                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1414885062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      109496091                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     17566240                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     38426554                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       225603                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       153385                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19845223                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       111430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      57491322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      676708096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     12021508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1671270250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     55344322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    204640660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127987143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4241856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       6203403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       745260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       153385                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6889794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18645392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25535186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1528690798                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    186596484                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     20917036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           304478808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156472430                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117882324                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.593963                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1521902644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1520829290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1013915244                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1761932800                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.590908                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.575456                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    317020409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4403306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23090202                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2384317113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.568011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1951247538     81.84%     81.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152657112      6.40%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     88713945      3.72%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63741186      2.67%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26025052      1.09%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16748443      0.70%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13772632      0.58%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8757941      0.37%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     62653264      2.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2384317113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    678280124                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1354318474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274356040                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166214117                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1518564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141345183                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270078                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1280136295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     62653264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3992243920                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3401182209                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7292502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              132228974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177752346749                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          678280124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1354318474                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    678280124                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.794470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.794470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.263541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.263541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3084322475                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1587960071                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185769896                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        97475878                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      603989883                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3145954                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          375724                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72928496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77633024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9334046048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1863349698                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11348447334                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9334046048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9334046048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24391147                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1204575529                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230781204                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9116062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9704128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1166755756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260274908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1445873477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          406897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156765146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157200395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1214483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155440509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31030490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188986471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155440509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155440509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            406187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20059879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20496284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            412444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1214483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155440509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51090369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209482755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68316                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24083739                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       334                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18631                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  124                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  182                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18441                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3217647                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    18965                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24152055                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9101                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3208545                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           310                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14419                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327299509                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 882547284                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1655221707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1648430494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442191                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111652001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1648430494                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442191                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4197503501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1818501116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717369                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417706959                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260580464                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157126495                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178387757020.520599                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1939542488.479408                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010756                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989244                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
