
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 165138                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   291693                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               89336972                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680951                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9033988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    530746807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              747909985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203612196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9033988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203438465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    530746807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             747909985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           483                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2180.775713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.173913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          303.849173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.146428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.196415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.582529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    540.930004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1296.861300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.074182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.532416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          744                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4724                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1262                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1262                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4876                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3615                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4323                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5334616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1813262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121429346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241548809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      370126033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       948853                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       948853                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73371682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73371682                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5334616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1813262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121429346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314920491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443497715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5334616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1813262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121429346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314920491                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443497715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.433505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.823256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.469942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.469942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100653.132075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100736.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102645.262891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102699.323554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102386.177870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31628.433333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31628.433333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103778.899576                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103632.319209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100653.132075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100736.777778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102645.262891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102948.836548                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102590.264862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100653.132075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100736.777778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102645.262891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102948.836548                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102590.264862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5041116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1715162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114901251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228515038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350172567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1488130                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488130                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69494382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69494382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5041116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1715162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114901251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298009420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419666949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5041116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1715162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114901251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298009420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419666949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.468855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.613908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95115.396226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95286.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97127.008453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97157.754252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97108.310316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49604.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49604.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98294.741160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98294.741160                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95115.396226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95286.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97127.008453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97420.536123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97302.793647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95115.396226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95286.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97127.008453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97420.536123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97302.793647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1976.607638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.599338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.331374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.552988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.396241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    548.688365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1368.039361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              65                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   65                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3597                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4850116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110726271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220506737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337720786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67068446                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67068446                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4850116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110726271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287575183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       404789232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4850116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637662                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110726271                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287575183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      404789232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           65                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               65                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.995836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.995836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93271.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96333.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94557.020495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93912.579642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93889.570753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94863.431400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94729.443503                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93271.461538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96333.058824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94557.020495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94132.629460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94027.696167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93271.461538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96333.058824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94557.020495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94132.629460                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94027.696167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4123123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94272752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187461595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287259432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57061082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57061082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4123123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94272752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244522677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344320514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4123123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94272752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244522677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344320514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79290.826923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82468.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80506.192997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79838.839438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80061.157191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80708.743989                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80708.743989                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79290.826923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82468.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80506.192997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.156137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80167.756461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79290.826923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82468.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80506.192997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.156137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80167.756461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1426                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               334.407916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.635344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.242455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   334.165461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.652667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.653140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2285                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167565635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167565635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167565635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167565635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167565635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167565635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73364.989054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73332.881838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73364.989054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73332.881838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73364.989054                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73332.881838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131075587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131075587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131075587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131075587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    131075587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131075587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68020.543332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68020.543332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68020.543332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68020.543332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68020.543332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68020.543332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          220                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.604375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.895455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268663000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.529204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.075171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.662773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1314                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4722853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4722853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4722853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4722853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4722853                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4722853                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.165714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.165714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18376.859922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18095.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18376.859922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18095.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18376.859922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18095.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3906946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3906946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3906946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3906946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3906946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3906946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.163590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15202.124514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15202.124514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15202.124514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15202.124514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15202.124514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15202.124514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2801                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.271327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.727597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126262300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.672860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.598467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2225                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2225                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2851                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34601097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34601097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34601097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34601097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34601097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34601097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.561663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.561663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12157.799368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12136.477376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12157.799368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12136.477376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12157.799368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12136.477376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25752333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25752333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25752333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25752333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25752333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25752333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9048.606114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9048.606114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9048.606114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9048.606114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9048.606114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9048.606114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3743                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               455.402997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   53538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.303500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019382339000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.322038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   455.080959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.888830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.889459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66327                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9064                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    707029264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    707029264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81186261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81186261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788215525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788215525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788215525                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788215525                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86858.631941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86837.295996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87863.918831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87768.930811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86961.112643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86932.339804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86961.112643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86932.339804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1247                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1247                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255884878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255884878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77599972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77599972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333484850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333484850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333484850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333484850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040314                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75371.098085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75371.098085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84439.577802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84439.577802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77302.932313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77302.932313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77302.932313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77302.932313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56876                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37379                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23757                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       157496                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                267433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83789                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        488088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2025                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33939                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2937                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       762243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.642018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          680548     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8884      1.17%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5160      0.68%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3695      0.48%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5649      0.74%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5386      0.71%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5160      0.68%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3489      0.46%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44272      5.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       762243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051414                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          163150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       495447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4687                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        471032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172785                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66971                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69261                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        449074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          197                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       536871                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1171894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1171894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330295                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            76205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66752                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          951                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            423249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           370629                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2331                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       228982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          678                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       762243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.209917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       611655     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57491      7.54%     87.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34411      4.51%     92.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22471      2.95%     95.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16314      2.14%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10681      1.40%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6663      0.87%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2192      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          365      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       762243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            822     34.89%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           825     35.02%     69.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          709     30.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3084      0.83%      0.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       279864     75.51%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59691     16.11%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27990      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        370629                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335036                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2356                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006357                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1509647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       357338                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        369901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22598                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          122                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7752                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357666                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66752                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          122                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         2002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5697                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       362691                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57405                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37338                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27316                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327860                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                358409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               357338                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           247400                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           395489                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323021                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625555                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       150487                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       737668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.372638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       647422     87.77%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35345      4.79%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13446      1.82%     94.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14652      1.99%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7000      0.95%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3320      0.45%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2771      0.38%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2232      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11480      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       737668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154501                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66949                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44154                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30300                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150616                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             875675                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2219                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 343993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154501                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154501                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.160057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.160057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          725352                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         415231                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168563                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.114327                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1114326652239                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6134093921844                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45019                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    84091                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58539769                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19035.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856947862                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1600712307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3532992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       161856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       963968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10695872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15424128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       963968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         963968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11447424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11447424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       167123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               241002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         178866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              178866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3170517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       145250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       865068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9598507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13841658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       865068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            865068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10272952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10272952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10272952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3170517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       145250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       865068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9598507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24114609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104192                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.464400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.526774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020574842000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.350935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18684                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18684                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8011                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8011                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103860                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103887                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99532                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205147                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4595016639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4596099639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126058784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6700489000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6826547784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127141784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11295505639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11422647423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127141784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11295505639                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11422647423                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40111.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44242.409388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44241.335672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72950.685185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67319.947354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67416.035789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72445.460969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55535.643678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55680.304479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72445.460969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55535.643678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55680.304479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  51                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10705.882353                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56787                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56787                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       745700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3312325600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3313071300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105255500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5471234503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5576490003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106001200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8783560103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8889561303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106001200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8783560103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8889561303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27618.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31892.216445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31891.105721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60911.747685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54969.602771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55071.005362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60399.544160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43185.376529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43332.640999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60399.544160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43185.376529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43332.640999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27735079                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.189295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        61188129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27739118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.205843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          519.912651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.059082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.008894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2731.911941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    691.292312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.666971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17230579                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522292                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24813096                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8119429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54685396                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8569892                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8569892                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       962224                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              962224                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1538316                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1538316                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17230579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24813096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9657745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56223712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17230579                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4522292                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24813096                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9657745                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56223712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6027865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25675166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54063                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54063                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1845436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1845436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7873301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27520602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332606                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7873301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27520602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7521059604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3697874588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 422997242500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151235829625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   585452006317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2253144704                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2253144704                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54516462425                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54516462425                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7521059604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3697874588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 422997242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205752292050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    639968468742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7521059604                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3697874588                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 422997242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205752292050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   639968468742                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17563185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4692583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43957500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14147294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80360562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8569892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8569892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1016287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1016287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3383752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3383752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17563185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4692583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43957500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17531046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83744314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17563185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4692583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43957500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17531046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83744314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.319500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053197                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053197                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.545382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.328627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.328627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22612.519329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21715.032433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22095.085462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25089.452007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22802.267620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41676.279600                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41676.279600                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29541.237098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29541.237098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22612.519329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21715.032433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22095.085462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26132.913253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23254.159511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22612.519329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21715.032433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22095.085462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26132.913253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23254.159511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3812168                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3812168                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6027865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25672305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54063                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1845436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1845436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7873301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27517741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7873301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27517741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5721108391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2754351618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 314463322672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118094053146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 441032835827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2865509576                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2865509576                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44135973527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44135973527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5721108391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2754351618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 314463322672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162230026673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 485168809354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5721108391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2754351618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 314463322672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162230026673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 485168809354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10464811899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10464811899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15619585976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15619585976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26084397875                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26084397875                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053197                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053197                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17289.225312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16285.411329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16425.861190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19591.356665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17179.323626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53003.155134                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53003.155134                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23916.285109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23916.285109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17289.225312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16285.411329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16425.861190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20605.083773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17631.127837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17289.225312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16285.411329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16425.861190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20605.083773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17631.127837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        183964                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32343.537146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29174502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        216413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        134.809378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18100.567743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.052525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   454.875735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   142.780650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5629.705774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8015.536458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.552385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.171805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19129335                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5876877                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25503028                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3812168                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3812168                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4576                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4576                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1666338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1666338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19129335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7543215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27169366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19129335                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7543215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27169366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15069                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       150988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               169277                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75073                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75073                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             153512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       304500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                322789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15069                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       304500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               322789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234496212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     64303993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1409658424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8901992631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10610451260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1869322148                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1869322148                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13795779889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13795779889                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234496212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     64303993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1409658424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22697772520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24406231149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234496212                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     64303993                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1409658424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22697772520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24406231149                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6027865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25672305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3812168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3812168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        79649                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           79649                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1819850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1819850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7847715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27492155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19144404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7847715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27492155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.942548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.084354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92722.899170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93059.324168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93546.912469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58958.279009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62680.997773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24900.059249                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24900.059249                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89867.762058                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89867.762058                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92722.899170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93059.324168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93546.912469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74541.124860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75610.479753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92722.899170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93059.324168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93546.912469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74541.124860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75610.479753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              122079                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   122079                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       150988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75073                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75073                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        153512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           322789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       304500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          322789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    199032785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54587658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1197113435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6775119773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8225853651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3846519830                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3846519830                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11601436226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11601436226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    199032785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54587658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1197113435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18376555999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19827289877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    199032785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54587658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1197113435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18376555999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19827289877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9325173360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9325173360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13910176916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13910176916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23235350276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23235350276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.942548                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942548                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78700.191775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78998.057887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.128542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44871.908847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48594.042020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51237.060328                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51237.060328                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75573.481070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75573.481070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78700.191775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78998.057887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.128542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60349.937599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61424.924260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78700.191775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78998.057887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.128542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60349.937599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61424.924260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33277969                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44874                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20390057                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12887912                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22437                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22437                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21945                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43957523                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               131844738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43958035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.999332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131831121                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131831121                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131831121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131831121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131831121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131831121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48085035                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     48085035                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48085035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      48085035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48085035                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     48085035                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1016089569622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1016089569622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1016089569622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1016089569622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1016089569622                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1016089569622                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179916156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179916156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179916156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179916156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179916156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179916156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21131.097640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21131.097640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21131.097640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21131.097640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21131.097640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21131.097640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       331075                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41384.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4127494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4127494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4127494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4127494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4127494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4127494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43957541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43957541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43957541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43957541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43957541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43957541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 790622765164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 790622765164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 790622765164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 790622765164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 790622765164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 790622765164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17986.055343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17986.055343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17986.055343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17986.055343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17986.055343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17986.055343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4694797                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4400299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4694813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.937268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4399797                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4399797                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4399797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4399797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4399797                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4399797                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4695509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4695509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4695509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4695509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4695509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4695509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79074533373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79074533373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79074533373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79074533373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79074533373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79074533373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9095306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9095306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9095306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9095306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9095306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9095306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.516256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.460400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.460400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.460400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.460400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16840.460400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16840.460400                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        40045                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        40045                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4695509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4695509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4695509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4695509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4695509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4695509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64699016041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64699016041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64699016041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64699016041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64699016041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64699016041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13778.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13778.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13778.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13778.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13778.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13778.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17568224                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4977258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17568240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.283310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4976954                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4976954                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4976954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4976954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4976954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4976954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17579132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17579132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17579132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17579132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17579132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17579132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287272699902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 287272699902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287272699902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 287272699902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287272699902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 287272699902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22556086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22556086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22556086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22556086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22556086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22556086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.779352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.779352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.779352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16341.688537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16341.688537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16341.688537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16341.688537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16341.688537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16341.688537                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        20113                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        20113                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17579132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17579132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17579132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17579132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17579132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17579132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233644432217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 233644432217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233644432217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 233644432217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233644432217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 233644432217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13291.010740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13291.010740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13291.010740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13291.010740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13291.010740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13291.010740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17491027                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.772654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279979145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17491539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.006547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.772654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180323503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180323503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98511998                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98511998                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278835501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278835501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278835501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278835501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21724458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21724458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4428862                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4428862                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26153320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26153320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26153320                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26153320                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573245435899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 573245435899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114200158345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114200158345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687445594244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 687445594244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687445594244                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 687445594244                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202047961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202047961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102940860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102940860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304988821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304988821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304988821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304988821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26387.099549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26387.099549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25785.440672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25785.440672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26285.213282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26285.213282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26285.213282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26285.213282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8509734                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8509734                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7567291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7567291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7621533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7621533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7621533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7621533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14157167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14157167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4374620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4374620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18531787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18531787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18531787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18531787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 320214130242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 320214130242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97807851894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97807851894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418021982136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 418021982136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418021982136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 418021982136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10925723637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10925723637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16231982685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16231982685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27157706322                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27157706322                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042496                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22618.517550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22618.517550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22358.022387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22358.022387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22557.024972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22557.024972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22557.024972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22557.024972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3307108051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231585023                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231585023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43002954                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196998146                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103716698                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1489598186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1056422630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231585023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103716698                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329879400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156125276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          84331371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     397293985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       738829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2008769                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179916164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30426573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1203360                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2415437311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.261983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2094098169     86.70%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20334106      0.84%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14624921      0.61%     88.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26575236      1.10%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22711096      0.94%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27563654      1.14%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19605723      0.81%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16844017      0.70%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       173080389      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2415437311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.319440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1550710946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    441863125                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304967689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6308836                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111586715                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1917608701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111586715                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1571592665                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      142757119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    254593710                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289435834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45471268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1839141901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       646089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7406755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29752037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       177245                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1997837649                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4572354925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4572264949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89976                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1204302513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       793535125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6218812                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6246627                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140646358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259776777                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159335367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16544977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15185214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1706659626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9020557                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1542363144                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7860447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    571498634                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    763058058                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3335945                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2415437311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1838548430     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198283617      8.21%     84.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124667805      5.16%     89.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85219473      3.53%     93.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69670070      2.88%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49254634      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36614147      1.52%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10985914      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2193221      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2415437311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4482515     42.20%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4051158     38.13%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2089597     19.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18624118      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1145608956     74.28%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236655140     15.34%     90.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141474930      9.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1542363144                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.466378                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10623270                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5525272459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2287585558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1466534622                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41108                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24614                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20306                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1534341725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20571                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23234243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95314255                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       502030                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       453710                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56365314                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200173                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111586715                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82896150                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1938996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1715680183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29238953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259776777                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159335367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7952775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        946768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        76413                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       453710                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14223722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33922343                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48146065                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1496234866                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225536717                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46128278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361414469                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158197111                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135877752                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.452430                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1469443313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1466554928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922739412                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421824033                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.443455                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648983                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    631339434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5684612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43236780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2304756035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.422674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1947759169     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128256617      5.56%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57840247      2.51%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63263650      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33459685      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14983864      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11964640      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7822757      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39405406      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2304756035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586628268                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084276508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267432571                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164462519                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578507                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125499099                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079701828                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39405406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3979665837                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3543292846                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26344693                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              891670740                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            39097679                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586628268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084276508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586628268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.637485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.637485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2864172800                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1578203115                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20306                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704440636                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5332823                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2848319296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513619312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3365728792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2848319296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2848319296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358237428                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365801864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        356039912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81324188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437600977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51664703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51846028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2472553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       846840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2556090075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          460923474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3020414871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2556090075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2556090075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3378026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3410321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         321483317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            328271664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3384580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5882875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       846840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2556090075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         782406791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3348686535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33277969                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44874                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12887912                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20390057                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22437                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22437                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21833                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3346317272                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268917516                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513947809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           512234532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36677442                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  512234532                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320963435                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566801196                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133207174                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81408208                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51798966                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2745224851.622822                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             601092420.377178                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179628                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820372                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
